null
null--URL: http://www.ericrettberg.com/cpcc
Instructions for the blog report, which is due on 4/17 at 11:59 p.m., can now be found here.
The Google Slides presentation with questions you should ask as you critique your group member’s infographic can be found below.
 
A student asked if I wouldn’t mind posting the in-progress infographic on Your Country is Great that I showed briefly in class last week. This is but one way to approach the infographic project, and you shouldn’t slavishly copy it—different objects of study demand different approaches, and even other infographics about this same work will/should have a different spin.
There’s still a lot of work to be done here—most of the current infographic is geared toward explaining, and I haven’t yet completed the sections about interpretation and significance. I also plan to make some significant design tweaks once all the content is there—I’m not very fond, for example of the way the subheadings (“The Basics,” “The Method of the Book,” etc.) look yet.
Here’s where I imagine my infographic going from here:
Granted, this is a lot for an infographic, and once I was finished, I’d likely reassess whether I needed both of those final two sections or if I could combine them into one. One could make an infographic on this work with a wide variety of visual styles and of interpretive approaches—different people interested in the text would likely choose different aspects of it to emphasize. So again, treat this not as a model to be copied, but as one among many ways one could make a successful infographic about this work.
Remember the two key tasks your infographic must accomplish, in one way or another: to explain, and to interpret.

 
As I mentioned in class on Monday, Kenneth Goldsmith read the autopsy of Michael Brown, the teen killed in Ferguson, Missouri last August, at a conference at Brown University on March 13. He called the new piece “The Body of Michael Brown,” and it has been a subject of controversy. In class today, we’ll read some arguments about the incident and attempt to clarify our own understanding of this performance.
Some reactions to Goldsmith’s reading were extreme. See, for example, this death threat—

—but many others produced more measured critiques of Goldsmith’s performance. Goldsmith explained the poem as follows on Facebook:

And after a few days, decided to ask Brown University not to release the recording of the event:

Some resources related to our discussion today:
And some of the arguments trying to critique (or justify) Goldsmith’s reading:
Instructions for the optional revision of longer essay 1 have been posted in assignments. The revision and memo should be turned in at the same time you turn in longer essay 2.
At the beginning of class today, we’ll sign up for presentation dates for the informal in-class infographic presentations. Once we do so, you’ll find the schedule here.
Today, we’ll begin our discussion of M. NourbeSe Philip’s Zong!. This book was published in 2008, and it draws on language from an 1831 report about the 1783 court case of Gregson v. Gilbert. Few or no documents related to the case exist save this retrospective report from almost 50 years after the fact.
The basic issue in the case is this: after around 50 slaves died on board the ship of starvation, the captain threw overboard 150 other slaves in the belief that the ship’s insurance company would treat the lost slaves as property and recoup the losses. The court determined that the insurance company had to pay for the lost slaves. Not at issue in the case, horrifyingly, is responsibility for the horrifying violent deaths of all these people—an atrocity that is utterly clear to us today.
I’ve posted the report to T-Square and linked it here. Its text is reprinted in full starting on p. 210 of Zong!, but the Google Books facsimile, from the 1831 text Reports of Cases Argued and Determined in The Court of the King’s Bench… gets us a bit closer to the source.

We’ll start talking about the curious poetic community known as “Flarf” today. We’ll start with the “Flarf Files,” a retrospective account of the group’s formation. For more on Flarf, including critical essays and a lot more works, see this section from Jacket 2.
Then, we’ll discuss specific works. We’ll think about Drew Gardner’s “I Am So Stupid,” along with Sharon Mesmer’s “I Accidentally Ate Some Chicken and Now I’m in Love with Harry Whittington.” Some resources related to Mesmer:
Today, we’ll spend some time discussing Ara Shirinyan’s Your Country is Great. This is a work that I really love, and that I’ve written about. If you’re interested, see my short piece at Jacket 2 or my journal article from Comparative Literature Studies.
Links to the Google Docs for the in-class small group research project:
This is a book in which paratext—what’s around the text, whether covers, page design, etc.—matters. Since not all my classrooms have a document projector, I thought I’d include a few key images of the book here.
First, the front cover:

And the back cover:

One of the “blank poems” from the book:

And Shirinyan’s explanatory note:

 
 
 
Today, we’ll spend the first half of class discussing further the potential challenges of working together as a small group for the blog assignment.
It’s worth remembering that this is a group project, though it also depends on your individual performance.
It is your job not only to produce writing that fosters good discussion on your blog, but also to help the other members of your group become the best writers they can become. Based on the attempts I’ve seen at a set of group guidelines so far, I am rescheduling the due date for the guidelines and schedules for your group project. Originally due today, those guidelines will now be due on Sunday night at 11:59 p.m.
You should think of this kind of document as a shared agreement for your group, a charter. Working together in groups can be hard. In a chapter on group projects that I’ve posted to T-Square for your reference, Rebecca Burnett and Elizabeth Wardle describe sources of procedural conflict in team projects, including misunderstandings and disagreements about factors including these:

If you don’t think through potential complications over these issues in your set of group guidelines, this group project is likely to be a source of frustration for you throughout the semester. As Burnett and Wardle put it, failure to address differences in these areas may have results including:

One of the first tasks of working in a group is getting to know each other, of figuring out how your fellow group members work. I get the impression from what I’ve seen so far that lots of groups haven’t—make sure you address each of the concerns above, then, in your document.
The other order of business for the day is a discussion of Vanessa Place’s “Miss Scarlett.” You should work with your blog group members in the exercise we do with this poem, which will ask you to notice interesting aspects of this texts, to brainstorm the kinds of questions you might ask of it, and to begin developing possible claims that could serve as the basis of a discussion of this text.
Some relevant sources:

 
 

--URL: http://wordpress.org/
WordPress is web software you can use to create a beautiful website or blog. We like to say that WordPress is both free and priceless at the same time.
The core software is built by hundreds of community volunteers, and when you’re ready for more there are thousands of plugins and themes available to transform your site into almost anything you can imagine. Over 60 million people have chosen WordPress to power the place on the web they call “home” — we’d love you to join the family.
Ready to get started? Download WordPress 4.1.1
If you visit WordPress.org regularly you might have noticed some changes around the place. If you don’t, now’s the time to check them out! We’ve been working hard to improve the site to make it more useful to everyone, both developers and users, and we hope you like what we’ve done. New Theme and Plugin Directories […]
… and hundreds more

--URL: https://wordpress.org/about/license/
The license under which the WordPress software is released is the GPLv2 (or later) from the Free Software Foundation. A copy of the license is included with every copy of WordPress, but you can also read the text of the license here.
Part of this license outlines requirements for derivative works, such as plugins or themes. Derivatives of WordPress code inherit the GPL license. Drupal, which has the same GPL license as WordPress, has an excellent page on licensing as it applies to themes and modules (their word for plugins).
There is some legal grey area regarding what is considered a derivative work, but we feel strongly that plugins and themes are derivative work and thus inherit the GPL license. If you disagree, you might want to consider a non-GPL platform such as Serendipity (BSD license) or Habari (Apache license) instead.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/about/stats/
Here are some charts showing what sorts of systems people are running WordPress on. (You’ll need Javascript enabled to see them.)

--URL: https://wordpress.org/about/philosophy/
Great software should work with little configuration and setup. WordPress is designed to get you up and running and fully functional in no longer than five minutes. You shouldn’t have to battle to use the standard functionality of WordPress.
We work hard to make sure that every release is in keeping with this philosophy. We ask for as few technical details as possible during the setup process as well as providing full explanations of anything we do ask.
Many end users of WordPress are non-technically minded. They don’t know what AJAX is, nor do they care about which version of PHP they are using. The average WordPress user simply wants to be able to write without problems or interruption. These are the users that we design the software for as they are ultimately the ones who are going to spend the most time using it for what it was built for.
When making decisions these are the users we consider first. A great example of this consideration is software options. Every time you give a user an option, you are asking them to make a decision. When a user doesn’t care or understand the option this ultimately leads to frustration. As developers we sometimes feel that providing options for everything is a good thing, you can never have too many choices, right? Ultimately these choices end up being technical ones, choices that the average end user has no interest in. It’s our duty as developers to make smart design decisions and avoid putting the weight of technical choices on our end users.
The core of WordPress will always provide a solid array of basic features. It’s designed to be lean and fast and will always stay that way. We are constantly asked "when will X feature be built" or "why isn’t X plugin integrated into the core". The rule of thumb is that the core should provide features that 80% or more of end users will actually appreciate and use. If the next version of WordPress comes with a feature that the majority of users immediately want to turn off, or think they’ll never use, then we’ve blown it. If we stick to the 80% principle then this should never happen.
We are able to do this because we have a very capable theme and plugin system and a fantastic developer community. Different people have different needs, and having the sheer number of quality WordPress plugins and themes allows users to customize their installations to their taste. That should allow all users to find the remaining 20% and make all WordPress features those they appreciate and use.
We’re never done with simplicity. We want to make WordPress easier to use with every single release. We’ve got a good track record of this, if you don’t believe us then just take a look back at some older versions of WordPress!
In past releases we’ve taken major steps to improve ease of use and ultimately make things simpler to understand. One great example of this is core software updates. Updating used to be a painful manual task that was too tricky for a lot of our users. We decided to focus on this and simplified it down to a single click. Now anyone with a WordPress install can perform one click upgrades on both the core of WordPress and plugins and themes.
We love to challenge ourselves and simplify tasks in ways that are positive for the overall WordPress user experience. Every version of WordPress should be easier and more enjoyable to use than the last.
Deadlines are not arbitrary, they’re a promise we make to ourselves and our users that helps us rein in the endless possibilities of things that could be a part of every release. We aspire to release three major versions a year because through trial and error we’ve found that to be a good balance between getting cool stuff in each release and not so much that we end up breaking more than we add.
Good deadlines almost always make you trim something from a release. This is not a bad thing, it’s what they’re supposed to do.
The route of delaying a release for that one-more-feature is, literally, a rabbit hole. We did that for over a year once, and it wasn’t pleasant for anybody.
The more frequent and regular releases are, the less important it is for any particular feature to be in this release. If it doesn’t make it for this one, it’ll just be a few months before the next one. When releases become unpredictable or few and far between, there’s more pressure to try and squeeze in that one more thing because it’s going to be so long before the next one. Delay begets delay.
There’s a good rule of thumb within internet culture called the 1% rule. It states that "the number of people who create content on the internet represents approximately 1% (or less) of the people actually viewing that content".
So while we consider it really important to listen and respond to those who post feedback and voice their opinions on forums, they only represent a tiny fraction of our end users. When making decisions on how to move forward with future versions of WordPress, we look to engage more of those users who are not so vocal online. We do this by meeting and talking to users at WordCamps across the globe, this gives us a better balance of understanding and ultimately allows us to make better decisions for everyone moving forward.
WordPress is licensed under the General Public License (GPLv2 or later) which provides four core freedoms, consider this as the WordPress "bill of rights":
Part of those licensing requirements include licensing derivative works or things that link core WordPress functions (like themes, plugins, etc.) under the GPL as well, thereby passing on the freedom of use for these works as well.
Obviously there are those who will try to get around these ideals and restrict the freedom of their users by trying to find loopholes or somehow circumvent the intention of the WordPress licensing, which is to ensure freedom of use. We believe that the community as a whole will reward those who focus on supporting these licensing freedoms instead of trying to avoid them.
The most responsible use of WordPress community resources would therefore be put to best use by emphasizing high quality contributions that embrace the freedoms provided by the GPL
 


--URL: https://wordpress.org/about/roadmap/
After the 2.1 release, we decided to adopt a regular release schedule every 3-4 months with the features primarily driven by ideas voted on by our users. Here are the current planned releases, and links to their respective milestones in our bug tracker.
The dates for 2015 are for discussion and planning purposes, will be firmed up as we get closer to release.
The month prior to a release new features are frozen and the focus is entirely on ensuring the quality of the release by eliminating bugs and profiling the code for any performance issues.
WordPress core developers share a love of jazz music, and all our major releases are named in honor of jazz musicians we personally admire. Here’s a list of releases and the musicians they were named for. You can listen to a Last.fm station of all the musicians we named a release for.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/news/2014/12/dinah/
Version 4.1 of WordPress, named “Dinah” in honor of jazz singer Dinah Washington, is available for download or update in your WordPress dashboard. New features in WordPress 4.1 help you focus on your writing, and the new default theme lets you show it off in style.

Twenty Fifteen has flawless language support, with help from Google’s Noto font family.
The straightforward typography is readable on any screen size.
Your content always takes center stage, whether viewed on a phone, tablet, laptop, or desktop computer.

Sometimes, you just need to concentrate on putting your thoughts into words. Try turning on distraction-free writing mode. When you start typing, all the distractions will fade away, letting you focus solely on your writing. All your editing tools instantly return when you need them.
Right now, WordPress 4.1 is already translated into over forty languages, with more always in progress. You can switch to any translation on the General Settings screen.
If you’ve ever worried you forgot to sign out from a shared computer, you can now go to your profile and log out everywhere.
Embedding videos from Vine is as simple as pasting a URL onto its own line in a post. See the full list of supported embeds.
The plugin installer suggests plugins for you to try. Recommendations are based on the plugins you and other users have installed.
Metadata, date, and term queries now support advanced conditional logic, like nested clauses and multiple operators — A AND ( B OR C ).
The customizer now supports conditionally showing panels and sections based on the page being previewed.
add_theme_support( 'title-tag' ) tells WordPress to handle the complexities of document titles.
Continued improvements to inline code documentation have made the developer reference more complete than ever.
This release was led by John Blackbourn, with the help of these awesome folks. Check out some of their profiles while listening to Dinah Washington on the music service of your choice:
There were 283 contributors to this release, again a new high.
If you want to help out or follow along, check out Make WordPress and our core development blog.
Thanks for choosing WordPress. Happy holidays and see you next year for version 4.2!
RSS feed for comments on this post.
For more WordPress news, check out the WordPress Planet.
There’s also a development P2 blog.
To see how active the project is check out our Trac timeline, it often has 20–30 updates per day.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/news/category/documentation/
« Back to blog

--URL: https://wordpress.org/news/2003/08/documentation-hooks-and-bug-fixes/
Mike checked in some bug fixes, but he’s now on vacation and banned from the CVS for the duration.
Michel (yes that one) and I tracked down a nasty bug that would create invalid characters from normal quotes.
Alex has said he’s going to work on improving the quicktag code to be cursor aware as well as incorporate a few other improvements in the next couple of days.
I checked in the hooks to the post section of the documentation. Eventually everything in WordPress will have these hooks, meaning for anything you don’t understand help is just a click away. Thanks to Joe Clark for answering some accesibility questions regarding this addition and making some suggestions.
RSS feed for comments on this post.
For more WordPress news, check out the WordPress Planet.
There’s also a development P2 blog.
To see how active the project is check out our Trac timeline, it often has 20–30 updates per day.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/news/2003/08/documentation-hooks-and-bug-fixes/feed/

--URL: https://wordpress.org/news/2003/08/more-xml-rpc-fixes/
Dougal has done some great work already adding full MetaWeblog API and partial MT API support already, and Orien Vandenbergh spotted a capitalization bug that is now fixed. Moving along nicely.
RSS feed for comments on this post.
Nice. Broad API support is going to be vital to helping ensure the long term stabilit of this project. Keep up the good work! I’m off to dowload something from the CVS……
Comment from Paul Jackson on August 14, 2003
For more WordPress news, check out the WordPress Planet.
There’s also a development P2 blog.
To see how active the project is check out our Trac timeline, it often has 20–30 updates per day.

--URL: http://www.pauljackson.net
Noticed a burst pipe in your home? You need to act fast before it could cause more damage. Read on and I’ll teach you some tips on how to repair and prevent a burst pipe.
A burst pipe is a common plumbing issue almost all homeowners face at some point. Burst pipes are commonly caused by water pressure as a result of clogs.  Another common cause of burst pipe is freezing pipes. When water inside a pipe freezes, it expands, causing the pipe to burst. Burst pipe can lead to flooding and should be fixed as soon as possible. Burst pipes can easily be avoided by doing regular maintenance and repairs.
You don’t have to be an expert in order to repair a burst pipe. All you need are the right equipment and the right information. Read this article with easy to follow instructions on how to repair a burst pipe in your property.
How to Repair a Burst Pipe
You don’t need advanced plumbing skills to fix a burst pipe — just some soldering equipment. And by adding a stop and waste valve, you’ll be going a long way toward  ensuring that the pipe doesn’t freeze again. Here’s what to do:
Materials and Tools:
As I have mentioned above, one of the main causes of burst pipe is when water inside the pipe freezes. The pressure from the ice and flowing water causes the pipe to burst and water to leak everywhere.
If you are worried about having a burst pipe in the winter, here is good news. I found a simple hack that will save your pipes from freezing and bursting during the winter. This tip comes from Lifehacker.com, and it is super easy and effective. All you have to do is to let water run through the pipes at a trickle. This may not be a long term solution to prevent bursting pipes but it can be a good way to keep pipes from freezing and bursting, while you are still unable to get professional help.
Here is the article from Lifehacker teaching you how to prevent burst pipes in freezing weather.
Prevent Burst Pipes
Below freezing weather means you should take steps to winterize your home. This Old House recommends you keep pipes that run through an exterior walls from bursting by letting water run through them at a trickle.
When you do this, use a string to keep the sound of a dripping faucet from annoying you. This probably isn’t an ideal long-term solution—in the future, you can take preventative steps like adding more insulation to attics, crawl spaces, and basements—but it will keep those pipes from freezing when things get dicey. With professional help, you can also relocate the pipes within your home.
Hopefully, these tips on burst pipes repair in Washington DC will help you fix any burst pipe in your property. Should you need professional help, call Plumbers 911 Washington DC at 1-877-7-4LEAKS to schedule a service! Don’t forget to read this article that will teach you how to repair a leaking copper pipe.
Also, you may want to check out this video with tips on how to avoid frozen and burst pipes.

Submetering is not just for landlords or those who rent out property in order to measure the actual consumption of the tenants. While this method helps in charging them appropriately for their usage, this method is also for the common homeowner who hopes to defray the cost of his or her sewer usage utility bill.
This means that costs incurred by the water the you use on your lawn, fill your pool, or cool your property, will not be commensurate to the water you use that enters the sewage system and adds to the sanitation costs charged to you by the local water and sewage department.
With the right documentation and these simple instructions, you can begin submetering your water consumption and save on costs!
Installing a submeter usually requires permission or at the very least, an inspection from your water company. You would have to reach out to them and ask them to install it for you or have them check if your submeter has been installed properly. You would want to avoid tricky problems in the long run or risk damaging the existing meter you have. You will also need to consult with them if your fixtures meet the requirements needed for a second meter.
The process in itself is pretty straightforward.
Find the pipe or water source that you want to submeter, be it your sprinklers or your pool.
Once you find the water source, shut off the valve that feeds the water into the location.
Locate the inlet pipe of the water source. Your water meter should have indicators like arrows to guide you on the direction of the waterflow.
Use Teflon tape to secure the male connector on the water supply and tighten the nut on the female connector. Double check to make sure that both ends are tight and secure.
Use more Tape to wrap and secure the threads on your connection points. Tighten the end of the outlet pipe using a wrench.
You can check if the water meter is reading properly by turning on the water supply valve.
Check for leaks in the connections that you made.
Depending on your location, you might need to reach out to the water and sewage department or your plumber to consult if the meter has been properly installed.
We hope these tips will guide you on water submeter installation in Boca Raton FL. Here are more tips on how to take care of your plumbing. Remember, it’s always best to consult with a professional if you have any doubts. Give Plumbers 911 Florida a call at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County FL), 954-468-0512 (Broward County FL), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County FL).
Planning to do more DIY? Check out this video on common plumbing problems.

A clogged drain is a common problem with numerous solutions available to the daily homemaker. You might think you’re taking good care of your drains by not flushing down solids but have you ever considered the damage grease and fat can do to your pipes? If you’re fond of preparing oily and greasy meals, a grease clog might be inevitable especially if you don’t dispose of the residue properly.
A drain clogged by grease is unlike one clogged by solid debris. Normal drain cleaners used for say, hair, won’t work on grease. We believe prevention is better than the cure so it’s important that you avoid flushing down oils when you do the dishes. Observe proper disposal and set aside the oils in one jar so it solidifies then dispose with solid waste. It would also help to maintain your pipes properly. Here are some tips to help you out:
What Happens If I Pour Grease down the Kitchen Sink?
Instead of pouring grease down the drain, wipe it off the pot or pan with a paper towel and throw it away. Or pour cooled oil and fats into non-recyclable containers and then dispose with the trash.
You might also try these tips from top-rated plumbers for helping ensure clear-running kitchen drains:
If you’re already dealing with a grease-clogged sink, don’t fret. Remember not to be too quick to flush the strongest drain cleaner you can find down your sink. You will end up doing more harm than good and spending so much more if you cause permanent damage to your pipes! Remember that not all drain cleaners are built the same so always check with your local handyman for the cleaners that will best suit your drain pipe and the kind of clog you’re dealing with.
There are also a lot of natural options available online for you to try out on your drains. Some of these can easily be found in your kitchen cabinets! Vinegar and hot water are things easily available around the house. Armed with these two, you’re on your way to saving your pipes from the messy, greasy clog. Here’s how to do it, plus how to deal with the smell:
Ways to Deal with Grease in Your Drain
As grease accumulates inside your drain, the water passage can constrict causing liquid to overflow from your sink. Once this happen, things can get very messy and smelly inside your kitchen. To remove grease from your drain and save your home from water damage, here are some tips for you.
We hope these tips help you how to clear grease from pipes in Frederick MD. For more information, check out what not to put down your drain. You can always reach out to www.WashingtonDC.Plumbers911.com for more plumbing help and recommendations. Call them at 1-877-7-4LEAKS.
Check out this video on plumbing maintenance tips to help you keep your plumbing in shape!
Most sewage systems are able to transport liquid and solid waste materials down the line with the help of gravity. However, there are instances when gravity isn’t enough to completely move the wastes to their final destination. For instance, transportation of waste through basement drainpipes is a bit challenging because the room is situated below the sewer line’s entrance. This is because basements are usually built about 4 feet below a house. Another example is the lack of access to public sewers. If you have your own septic tank where wastewater is treated and decomposed, having a sewer pump is a wonderful idea.
What is a sewer pump?
A sewer pump is a device installed in the sewage system that’s specially designed to move effluent through the pipes and into the septic tank. The pump can either be submersed in water or have its motor protrude above the floor so that the device won’t have to enter the sewage system. There are also several types of submersible pumps. Small pumps which are used in residential and commercial properties are capable of handling up to 55 mm of solid wastes. Larger pumps, on the other hand, are capable of handling 65 mm and bigger solids. These are used for industrial and municipal purposes. Lastly, there are those which are equipped with chopper pumps and they are capable of handling materials that normal sewage pumps can’t. Chopper pumps macerate solids into smaller pieces to prevent clogging the sewer pipes.
Tips On How To Buy Sewer Pumps
When choosing a sewer pump for your home, you have to consider the size of the device. Pumps are usually identified in horsepower ratings, most of them ranging between 0.5 and 1. Pump sizes also determine the amount of waste materials that can be moved. These are measured in gallons per hour. In general, residential properties that produce moderate amounts of waste can do with a pump that handles 5,000 gallons of waste per hour. To get the right device, seek the advice of a plumbing professional.
I hope that my blog today has given you tips on how to choose a sewer pump in Washington DC. To prevent problems with your drainage system, also read this article on how to care for your septic system. If you need a pump installed for your home, call Plumbers 911 Washington DC or visit their website to schedule a service.
Learn how to install a drain pump for your basement sink. Watch this video now.

The faucet is an important part of your restaurant kitchen’s plumbing. If you are in the process of renovating your dirty kitchen, why not make some upgrades to boost your staff’s productivity? You surely do not want to make your customers wait for their plates to be arranged on their tables or for their food to come out. Start the project by upgrading your taps. Here’s a list of the different types of faucets you should consider.
Types of Restaurant Sinks and Faucets
It’s always going to be easier to install the type of faucet that your sinks and kitchen’s plumbing are set up for.  If the sink in question has holes for a deck mount faucet and your pipes come vertically out of the floor, use a deck mount.  If you have plumbing coming horizontally out of the wall, by all means use a wall mount faucet.
Apparently, there are several types of faucets that are perfect for restaurant use. These include the deck-mount, wall-mount, pot filler and pre-rinse assembly faucets. Each of these serves their own function based on how they are designed. Aside from functionality, you should also look into the cost, durability and brand of the tap. Anyway, just to help you out more effectively, here’s a faucet buying guide you should read.
Buying Guide for Restaurant Sinks, Faucets, and Plumbing
A properly outfitted restaurant will likely have several different sinks that serve a variety of purposes – not only in the back of the building, but also behind the bar and at the server’s stations. It is vital to the proper management and functionality of your restaurant that you have the right type of sinks, faucets, and other plumbing fixtures in the appropriate places to streamline the work that goes on behind the scenes, whether it be washing pots and pans or hand washing your glassware. Having the right type of plumbing installed and in use is also an important part of the food safety considerations that your restaurant must take, and is an area of concern among health inspectors (who can make or break your restaurant business).
I hope that you enjoyed reading my blog on how to buy restaurant faucets in Broward County. Also read about how to install restaurant faucets if you’re planning to replace them on your own. And should you need professional assistance, visit www.OrrPlumbing.com to schedule a service call with the best plumbers in Broward FL!
If you’re planning to have a new outdoor shower installed, watch this video. You’ll get a lot of ideas and tips!

It’s not really hard to choose the right tiles for a small bathroom. Just considering the effects of colors, patterns and tile sizes will help you pick the right one for your room. If you are planning for an upcoming remodeling, read on and get these helpful tips.
1. Just like the effects of your clothes’ colors on your body, bright colors make small rooms bigger while dark colors make them looker smaller. If you already have a small bathroom, I suggest choosing light shades to make it look bigger.
2. When considering patterns, make sure that it’s not overwhelming. Choose a pattern that will blend well with the theme of the room — or your house for that matter. Instead of applying the pattern all over the walls, why not do half of your walls only? Leave the other half for a simple paint to again, add height to the room.
3. Use bigger tiles for the floor. Small tiles will only make the bathroom appear smaller. They are also even harder to clean as compared to bigger tiles. However, know that small tiles will be easier to install around curves and corners.
4. Choose a grout color that will compliment or blend well with the tiles. You don’t want to make their combination look awkward.
5. There are several types of tiles available in the market: travertine, ceramic, stone, marble, slate, etc. Choose one that will be easy for you to install and maintain.
6. As always, high cost doesn’t necessarily mean quality and low cost doesn’t necessarily mean that it’s the best deal. Only buy from a reputed supply shop and get their opinion on what’s the best brand and type of tiles to buy.
7. There are instances when tiles get cold if they’re installed directly on concrete. If you don’t have a radiator in the room and want to keep the flooring warm, consider installing undertile heating. It’s more efficient and cost-effective than having a radiator.
8. When still in doubt, consult an expert.
I hope that my tips on how to choose the best bathroom tile ideas for small bathrooms in Miami FL are helpful enough for you. To ensure that your bathroom tiles will remain beautiful over the years, also read about how to maintain your ceramic bathroom tiles. Should you need help with bathroom remodeling, visit www.Florida.Plumbers911.com to schedule a service call now.
Learn 11 easy style tricks that will make your bathroom look prettier! Watch this video now from Nest TV.

A running toilet may not be the worst plumbing nightmare that you’ll face at home. Well, not at the start. But if you don’t fix this kind of issue right away, expect that your water bill will skyrocket because of the continuous leakage. And if worse comes to worst, also anticipate flooding, damages on your bathroom walls, flooring or the basement ceiling if you have one. And while it is pretty easy to seek a professional to have the john repaired, as experts say, “Prevention is better than cure.” The only way that you can prevent problems like this is by knowing what causes them in the first place. Knowledge will allow you to maintain, troubleshoot and provide quick fixes in case a part is already showing signs of damage. Here’s a very helpful article you should read.
Figuring Out Why the Toilet Keeps Running
Take a few minutes to figure out why you have a run-on toilet, and then you can repair it. You have a run-on toilet if each flush doesn’t end with a gurgle but instead continues with a hissing sound, with water running into the toilet bowl.
To find the source of the trouble, remove the toilet tank top and place it in a safe location. Then push the flush lever and watch what happens. Don’t worry about the water in the toilet tank — it’s clean. Run-on toilets are usually caused by a problem with the tankball, the ballcock or intake valve, or the floatball.
So according to the website For Dummies, a running toilet may be caused by four factors: a sticky flush valve, a sticky tankball (flapper valve), floatball problems or ballcock problems. These are all easy to fix on your own as long as you have the right tools, the patience and of course, the skills. Don’t worry if you’re only a newbie in the field. It’s never too late to learn DIY plumbing. Just follow this guide from a prestigious know-how website to begin.
How to Fix a Running Toilet
Is a constantly running toilet driving you mad? Don’t call the plumber until you try these simple adjustments. Get to know your toilet. Lift the cover of the tank to see what’s inside. At the bottom of the water, either a ball or a flapper will be covering a valve that lets water into your toilet bowl when you flush. Flush the toilet to see the valve at work — the problem may become obvious.
If you see that the ball or flapper is not completely covering the valve, investigate what’s prohibiting it from doing so. The chain or rod that pulls it open might be twisted, bent, or caught on something. Or the flapper or ball itself might be damaged or corroded, keeping it from making a solid seal; you’ll need to replace it.
I hope that you learned a lot about the running toilet causes in South Miami FL. To make sure that you’ll be able to handle other issues, also read about how to repair a toilet. And if ever you’ll require expert assistance, just call Douglas Orr Plumbing!
Learn how to install a toilet the easy way. Watch this video from The Home Depot!

Remodeling a bathroom is truly an exciting activity. If you’re not into conventional designs, you certainly can go for eccentric or uncommon concepts that will give your toilet and bath more life! Instead of picking out usual colors or overused themes, you can actually choose a design that’s cute and yet not so overwhelming. Here are some practical and decorative ways to upgrade your comfort room!
20 Practical And Decorative Bathroom Ideas
You want to make changes in your bathroom or you want to make your bathroom more practical? Maybe you have small bathroom and want to use the space more practical?  You are in the right place. Today Top Dreamer has for you 20 practical and decorative bathroom ideas.
These ideas are useful for any type of bathroom, but especially for small bathroom. So, if you have small bathroom it doesn’t mean that it couldn’t be nice decorate or practical edit. But wait, below follow practical and decorative bathroom ideas, which means you can decorate your bathroom practical. Those are two functions with just one editing. That is amazing, doesn’t it? So, look below the practical and decorative bathroom ideas and make your bathroom more comfortable for you. It is important just to feel pleasant and comfy at your own home!!
The article was quite informative and helpful, don’t you think so? Honestly, I didn’t know firsthand that incorporating a Japanese style in the bathroom is an option. The example shown on the write-up was quite lovely and refreshing. Now if you have kids, you better take a look at these 12 trendy concepts!
12 Stylish Bathroom Designs for Kids
Kids can quickly outgrow youthful bathroom designs full of whimsical creatures and pastel hues. These chic yet playful bathrooms can be perfect for both kids and adults.
This Jack and Jill bathroom from HGTV Dream Home 2010 was created to provide a shared, gender-neutral space for two kids, while simultaneously giving each their privacy. The turquoise and orange color theme within each bedroom was consistently mirrored in the bathroom design, too.
These cute bathroom ideas in Lake Worth FL are indeed pleasant to the eyes, aren’t they? But before you redo your bath, make sure that you’ll read this article that features bathroom remodeling tips to avoid overspending and unexpected mistakes. Should you need professionals to assist you with your renovation project, just call Plumbers 911 Florida at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County FL), 954-468-0512 (Broward County FL), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County FL)!
Learn all about Plumbers 911 Florida’s top-notch emergency services! Watch their video below!

Drainage clogs are not unusual plumbing emergencies at home. You wouldn’t only find your kitchen sink blocked or your toilet clogged. Sometimes, you’ll notice that even drains just outside your home won’t get rid of sewage properly. So just to prepare you in case such situations arise in the future, read this article and learn what causes clogs in the first place.
What Are the Causes of Clogged Drains?
Clogged drains render your sinks and bathtubs useless. When your drains clog, you need to remove the clog as soon as possible to prevent it from building up to the point that not even a small amount of water will pass through the drain. There are several ways to remove clogs from drains that you can use depending on what the clog is in your drain.
So according to the article, there are a number of things that result to blocked drainages. For instance, hair that gets into the system from your shower or tub drains can eventually build up and interrupt with the smooth flow of liquid inside the pipes. Aside from hair, even food waste, soap, sediments from hard water and foreign objects are common culprits of such plumbing issues. So since you’re now aware of the causes, let me help you learn about remedies. Read this informative article from a popular DIY website!
Home Remedies for Clogged Drains: DIY Clog Removal
So you’ve got a clog? Don’t worry, it happens! Sinks can get clogged for a number of reasons from rinsing food off of plates, drained grease hardening, lodged foreign objects, hair, and even soap residue. There are several techniques you can try in order to dislodge the clog before resorting to a plumber. Lucky you! You probably have everything you need for do-it-yourself clog removal. 
Before you get started, assess the situation: Is is a partial blockage or are you full-on clogged? If you’ve got a partial clog, you can at least get a little water down your drain (even if it’s slow as molasses.) If you’re fully clogged, no water will go down at all.
Follow these easy clogged drainage solutions in Medley FL and you’ll surely eradicate the problem in no time. Also learn how to prevent drain clogs to make sure that blockages won’t happen again. And for professional plumbing help, don’t hesitate to visit www.OrrPlumbing.com or call them at 305-887-1687 or 954-522-8282!
Find out how you can repair leaking pipes in your home. Watch this video now!

Image courtesy of John Kasawa at FreeDigitalPhotos.net
Just like kitchen taps, your bathroom faucets also deteriorate over time. Their threads loosen. They leak. They get corroded. Their parts get damaged in the long run. And with all these being said, it will be very advantageous if homeowners like you know how to repair faucets. These fixtures aren’t hard to fix in the first place. So for today, let me share with you a DIY guide on how to make your bathroom tap work again. Here’s an informative article to help you out.
How To Repair a Faucet
Faucets are a key part of your home for an obvious reason: They dispense water. Therefore, keeping your faucets in working condition is of great importance. A number of things can go wrong with your faucets, from leaks to noise. Sometimes you’ll need to replace a faucet altogether to solve the problem.
A dripping faucet is the most common plumbing problem as well as one of the easiest to repair. Yet many people ignore it and leave the dripping faucet unrepaired. That costs money. A steady drip can waste $20 or more in water in a short time. Multiply that figure by the number of faucet drips in your home, and you can calculate how much of your money is literally going down the drain. The waste from a dripping hot water faucet is even more because you’re also paying to heat the water before it goes down the drain.
The article clearly pointed out the parts that need attention depending on the problems that you’ll encounter with your faucet. If it’s dripping, you just have to replace the washer or seat. Just follow the steps provided in the article and you’ll surely complete the project without any trouble at all. Now if I haven’t mentioned before, there are a lot of faucet types in the market. I don’t know the kind you have at home but clearly, the resource I shared above is only fit for single-handle faucets. If you have a double-handle cartridge faucet, follow this guide instead.
How To Repair a Leaking Two Handle Cartridge Faucet
Repairing a leaky faucet is one of the most common repairs in the home. However due to the various types of faucets available many home owners don’t know where to start or think the new style faucets are too complicated to repair. I’ll show you how easy it can be in this tutorial and you’ll save yourself $75 in plumbing bills in the process.
The first step in the faucet repair is to locate the water shutoff to your faucet and turn off the water to the leaking faucet. The water shutoff is usually found directly under the sink and consists of a small valve and a small handle. If the valve is similar to the style shown here, turn the handle clockwise to tighten and shut it off. More modern valves may have a toggle style lever that needs to be turned so it is opposite how you find it when the valve is open and the water is running.
I hope that you enjoyed learning how easy it is to do a bathroom tap repair in Sunrise FL. To better understand and work on your taps, also read about the different types of bathroom faucets. And for professional plumbing services, simply visit www.Florida.Plumbers911.com or call them at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County FL), 954-468-0512 (Broward County FL), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County FL)!
Learn how to properly install a bathroom faucet. Watch this video now.

Prime rib is an American favorite when it comes to barbecues! It’s a classic roasted beef that’s taken from the beef’s rib, specifically the primal cut. Usually, this beef cut is prepared by roasting with its bone in and cooked in its natural juices. It is not only enjoyed in fine dining restaurants but also at home, during barbecue weekends and special occasions such as anniversaries, birthdays and holidays! Now there are just some things that you need to know when cooking ribs. You have to cook it the right way so that it will end up crusty on the outside and yet tender and juicy on the inside. Here’s a detailed article to help you out with the basics!
How to Cook Prime Rib Basics
Prime rib is also known as “standing rib roast.” The reason for this is that the meat “stands” on the ribs in the roaster or on the grill while it is cooking. While you can purchase a prime rib without the rib bones known as a “rolled rib roast,” I would not encourage it. The ribs add great flavor and some of the best meat is still hanging on the ribs when you cut the ribs out.
I like to cook my prime rib to roughly 125 degrees Fahrenheit. This is considered “medium rare.” Plan on 20 minutes per pound at 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Great sides to go with the prime rib are creamed spinach, creamed pearl onions, glazed carrots, any sort of potato and sautéed mushrooms. Want to do something special with your leftover prime rib? Click on this link to see how I blacken prime rib.
Apparently, you can leave your beef rib inside the refrigerator, soaked in its marinade for weeks, to make its flavor more intense. You can also use wood chips or smoker pistols with apple, hickory, oak or mesquite flavors to add a smoky twist to the meat. Just don’t forget to use a thermometer to ensure that it’s going to be cooked just the way you like it. Most people want their meat medium rare and that should reach a temp of 125 degrees Fahrenheit. Anyway, try this delicious recipe I found online! It’s garlic infused which sets it aside from the sweet barbecue recipes we usually do at home.
Garlic Prime Rib Recipe
Place the roast in a roasting pan with the fatty side up. In a small bowl, mix together the garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper and thyme. Spread the mixture over the fatty layer of the roast, and let the roast sit out until it is at room temperature, no longer than 1 hour.
I hope that you loved the prime rib recipe I shared with you today. You should also check out this slow roasted prime rib recipe from an online food magazine! And to achieve the best results with your barbecue, don’t forget to use a La Caja China! Visit their website or call them at 1-800-338-1323 to get one now!
Want to know the secret to getting extra crispy skin for your roast? Watch this video now!

Your bathroom sink is prone to clogging. It’s exposed to a lot of foreign objects that include but are not limited to soap and shampoo scum as well as hair strands that fall from your head whenever you use your dryer. And you know what? You will always get clogs in your sink pipes if you won’t use your fixtures with caution. For instance, you have to install screen traps to block the drain hole from solid materials that can accumulate inside the system. That’s just one way to avoid such an annoying inconvenience. If you are still interested in learning other preventive measures, check this article out!
Avoiding Clogged Drains
You don’t have to be an ace plumber to keep your drains clear. Here are some easy ways to maintain drains and prevent clogs. Cover drains with hair and food catchers, also called strainers, to keep these items from entering the drainage pipes and causing a clog.
Run hot water down the drain after each use. Hot water washes away any fresh buildup, allowing it to flow through the drain, as opposed to sticking to the sides of the pipes.
Apparently, there are many ways to avoid clogging your drainage, specifically, your sink pipes. Aside from using food catchers or strainers, you should also clean your system by pouring hot water down the pipes every after use. Use good old baking soda and vinegar to fizz out sticky particles that cling onto the walls of your drainpipes. Doing all these will lessen the chances of sediment or substance buildup in your drains. Now if you still get clogs, just follow the steps in this DIY guide carefully!
Unclog a Bathroom Sink Without Chemicals
Slow-moving or stopped-up drains are common in bathroom sinks, but luckily the fix is usually simple and takes only about 15 minutes. The problem is caused by hair and gummy soap scum that get caught on the stopper or pivot rod and clogs the drain. To get at the clog, try lifting out the stopper (Photo 1). Sometimes it’ll come right out. If it doesn’t lift out, it’s held in by the pivot rod. Release the stopper by removing the pivot rod nut and pulling out the pivot rod (Photo 3).
Hopefully, my blog today has taught you a lot handling a bathroom sink clogged in Gulf Stream FL. Read other related articles especially one that features the different causes of bathroom sink clogs. Should you need professional plumbing assistance, call Plumbers 911 Florida at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County FL), 954-468-0512 (Broward County FL), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County FL)!
Learn how you can get a 100-dollar discount on your next service call-out from Plumbers 911 Florida! Watch their video now!

As homeowners, it is our responsibility to get familiar with our homes’ plumbing systems. It’s something that we rely on every day and therefore should not be taken for granted. Aside from proper use of your water supply and plumbing fixtures, regular check-up and maintenance should also be provided to ensure that everything’s in tip-top shape! As you already know, your plumbing system is comprised of your clean water supply line and your sewage line. Obviously, the clean water supply line provides you with potable water that you use in cooking, drinking, cleaning and bathing. Your sewage line on the other hand is the one responsible for taking the soiled water out of your property and into the public sewer or your own septic tank. But have you heard of the sewer cleanout?
“A sewer clean out is a capped pipe which provides access to a sewer line, allowing people to clean out blockages in the sewer. In many regions, sewer clean outs can be found along the lateral sewer line, the sewer line which connects a home’s plumbing to the municipal plumbing. Lateral clogs and the sewer clean out are the responsibility of the property owner. Larger sewer clean outs are also located at intervals along the municipal sewer line, so that water and sewer employees can clear blockages in the part of the sewer system which is the city’s responsibility.
Most home owners are concerned with the clean outs on their properties. Sewer clean outs are often situated near each home on a property, and at the property line, providing several points of access. It is a good idea to know where each one is located, and to keep the surrounding area clear so that the clean outs can be accessed in a hurry. When a blockage does arise, quick access can be critical to prevent overflow. In regions which are prone to snow, a sewer clean out may be located in a basement, so that it will be accessible in the winter months.” (See full article here.)
Now that you know what a sewer cleanout is, it is also equally important to find out where it is located in your property. Most homes have only one cleanout but there are also those that have multiple. What you have to remember is that knowledge of its location is very advantageous. For instance, when faced with a clogged sewer line, you can simply check your cleanout and remove its cap to see if that can release some pressure in the line and therefore put the flow of liquid back to good condition. When hiring professionals by the hour, you’ll cut down the amount of time they’ll spend just looking for the cleanout if you already know where it is. Anyway, here’s a detailed guide to help you locate it!
How To Find The Sewer Clean Out
A main line stoppage is the ultimate drain clog that will cause all of your plumbing to back up. When you encounter this problem knowing where to find the sewer clean out, if you have one, is very important. Unfortunately, not every house has a clean out and those that do can be hard to find. These tips will help you find the sewer clean out at your house.
I hope that you learned a lot about your sewer cleanout today. To keep your sewage system in tip-top shape, also read this article about sewer maintenance tips. And should you need professional plumbing services at home, don’t forget to call Plumbers 911 at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County FL), 954-468-0512 (Broward County FL), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County FL), 800-731-1139 (Central Valley CA) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Learn more about Plumbers 911’s services! Watch their video now!

Because money is so hard to earn nowadays, we sometimes choose quantity over quality. Instead of paying for durable stuff such as appliances, furniture and fixtures that we really need for our home, we often end up choosing bargain deals. I used to do that. But because of being hooked to the world of DIY home improvement, I have learned that most of the time, money should not be the basis of our choices. Sometimes, we have to pay more to get the best results. In the case of buying cheap kitchen sinks, I will also not recommend it. I mean, sinks aren’t that expensive at all. Getting a $15 washbasin may get you into trouble later on (and fast) when it starts getting rusty or starts incurring holes due to low-quality material. So why not add another $10 or $15 on your budget to get a more durable fixture? Anyway, if you are in the lookout for a sink right now, let me share with you Ebay’s buying guide! It sure is an interesting read!
Kitchen Sink Buying Guide
A kitchen sink is a bowl-shaped fixture that is used for washing hands or small objects such as food and dishes. Sinks generally have faucets (taps) that supply hot and cold water and may include a spray feature to be used for faster rinsing. Sinks generally include a drain to remove used water; this drain may itself include a strainer and/or shut-off device and an overflow-prevention device. When designing a kitchen, the sink may not be the first design consideration. However, the kitchen sink is one of the most used fixtures in a home and with so many design options it’s important to consider the form and function that the sink will provide.
Reading the article above, it clearly explained why you should make a wise decision when buying your kitchen sink. After all, it’s a very important plumbing fixture at home. The author also gave information on the three types of mounting for kitchen sinks which are top-mount; under-mount and apron.  Materials also varies from steel, porcelain, enamel over cast iron granite to composite fireclay. Even the orientation and the number of bowls it has also differ. Anyway, to help you further in your search for the best sink for your needs, read Consumer Reports’ article!
Factors To Consider When Buying Kitchen Sinks
What do you get when you pay top dollar for a kitchen or bathroom sink? All too often, the answer is less money to spend on the rest of your remodeling job. Despite all the hype, sink prices have little to do with performance. We also found that the manufacturer isn’t as important as the material.
Most people tend to fall in love with the look of a sink first, and then think about functionality. That’s the opposite of what they should be doing, according to kitchen designers
I hope that you learned so many tips when buying cheap kitchen sinks in Miami FL. Browse my website for more plumbing related articles such as septic tank pumping information, guide on toilet installation cost or tips on where to get plumbing trade supplies. And if you need professional help for your home, just hire the most trusted Miami plumbing service providers in FL! Call Douglas Orr Plumbing at 305-887-1687 or 954-522-8282!
Buying a stainless sink soon? Watch this video to learn how to install it!
Having a clogged toilet at home is truly an inconvenience. It’s not only annoying to experience just as you’re about to go to work but it is also a time-consuming plumbing problem to resolve. If you’re not really patient, you’ll surely get your brows crossed once you see soiled water running up to the brim of your ceramic throne. You might even panic! Who wouldn’t, right? So to help you fix this issue, read this great write-up I found that details some tested ways on removing clogs without the use of a plunger or a snake!
Unclogging A Toilet Without a Plunger or Snake
It’s a terrible feeling when you flush the toilet and the contents in the bowl stop disappearing halfway through the flushing process. The only feeling that’s possibly worse is realizing that you don’t have a plunger or snake handy to force the clog down the drain. Common household items from your kitchen or closet will work well to dislodge the obstruction. In less than 20 minutes, your toilet can be operating normally and you won’t have to spend any money hiring a plumber.
Knowing how to unclog a toilet without a plunger or a plumbing snake is very advantageous. Imagine. You can get rid of clogs with the help of simple remedies such as the use of boiling hot water, dish soap and even a wire hanger. But if you still want to learn how to remove the blockage with the help of a plumbing snake and plunger, then you must check out another informative article I found online! It includes some tips on what you should and should not do to your toilet in order to prevent clogging.
How to Fix a Clogged Toilet
For about 90 percent of clogged toilets, you only need one special tool—a plunger. Buy one with an extension flange on the rubber bell-shaped end (lead photo). It’s designed to fit toilets better so you can deliver more “oomph” to the plunge. You could pull a woodchuck from a hole with one of these things. It’ll unplug sink and tub drains too, if you simply fold the flange back into the bell.
A poor flush means that your toilet drain is either partially or completely plugged. A toilet that’s completely plugged—a no-drainer—is obvious. The toilet bowl will fill to the brim with flush water and perhaps overflow. Give the water level 10 minutes or so to drop, then attack the problem with a plunger (Photo 1).
I hope that you learned a lot of unclogging toilet tips for your home in Ceres CA. Should you need information about other clogged toilet remedies or  toilet installation cost, feel free to check again on my site! And remember, when your DIY skills fail, just call Plumbers 911 California at 800-731-1139!
Want a live demonstration on how to unclog a toilet? Watch this video!

It is easy to look for plumbing service providers who provide excellent, seamless work. But if you are really picky and want to hire the best plumber in town — with “best” based on a holistic perspective — then you might spend more hours on research and screening potential candidates. I mean, yes there are a lot of tradesmen who can guarantee expertise in their field. But who can ever blatantly attest to having good work ethics, patience or even awesome social skills to boot? Well, it’s not like looking for a needle in a haystack. But it sure is like choosing just one brand of the of a food item all stacked in a large, lengthy grocery shelf. What is a good plumber anyway? Aside from technical skills, what personal qualities must he have? Here’s a short article to enlighten you!
The Personal Qualities that a Plumber Should Possess
It is not easy to become a plumber. You would have to attend to many things in order to bring the right utilities for people. They can also meet a lot of challenges in their quest to meet the plumbing needs of their clients. That is why they should be really prepared with the right knowledge, skills, and tools. However, beyond the necessary technical know-how, these plumbing professionals must also possess some required personal qualities. These personal qualities would ensure that they will be able to meet the demands of the job.
First, these professionals should be detail-oriented. A lot of details can be met when handling a plumbing work. They would have to deal with a lot of planning and procedures. When planning, they would need to really consider all the details required to craft a plumbing system. They would need to detail in the construction plan of the house, the specifications required by the owner, and a lot of other details. They would also have to ensure that the system would meet the demands of the house or building, and would carefully look into what problems may arise.
Okay. That’s an interesting read, right? We now know that a good plumber must be detail-oriented, organized, safety-conscious, physically fit and patient. He must also possess great problem-solving skills and positive social skills in order to deal well with other people. Good luck on finding the right professional then as these traits are not easily seen. Now moving forward, we cannot deny the fact that technical skills are very important in plumbing. But apparently, there are other skills that your friendly plumber must know! Here they are!
What Skills Do You Need to Be a Plumber?
Plumbers repair and install the pipes and drainage systems that are connected to appliances, machines and fixtures. Some plumbers concentrate on residential plumbing, while others focus on commercial. A plumber might choose to focus on new construction or build a career performing repairs on existing systems. Regardless of the type of plumbing involved, there are certain skills that all plumbers need if they are to succeed in the occupation.
Plumbers need good manual dexterity. This includes the ability to hold the arm and hand steady when supporting a tool or piece of pipe, the ability to use the fingers to manipulate small objects and the ability to coordinate movements of both hands. Vision should be sufficient to allow the plumber to spot problems, use measuring devices and line up fittings properly. Occasionally, a plumber may need to work in a prone position or in cramped spaces, so the ability to do so while maintaining coordination between multiple limbs is important. Plumbers frequently need to climb, lift heavy items and work in extreme temperatures, and they therefore need the physical fitness to perform such tasks.
It’s quite a lengthy post that I have published for today. I just hope that these resources I shared will help you find plumbing specialists in Wilton Manors FL! Don’t be so choosy though because you might forget all about your plumbing emergency. What matters most is that he can provide you with unproblematic dishwasher installation, ask you for a fair toilet installation cost or knows perfectly well  how to fix a kitchen faucet. To be sure, call the best plumbing company in town! Reach Plumbers 911 Florida at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward) or 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach) or visit their website at www.Florida.Plumbers911.com!
Learn why Plumbers 911 Florida is the best service provider for your plumbing needs! Watch their video now!

Once in a while, you’ll find that your DIY plumbing skills aren’t enough to fix problems at home. It’s okay. Don’t fret about it because there are experts who can take care of your plumbing emergencies for you. After all, you can only do so much. Professional plumbers have undergone years of training and studying to be able to practice their trade. While you can replace your faucets, install your toilet or troubleshoot your water heater, there are just some responsibilities that can only be done by someone who has acquired legal license. So today, I would like to help you sort out your list of potential contractors. I’ll give you tips for you to be able to determine which among them should you do business with. For starters, let me share this article with you which basically explains how you can find the best tradesmen in the plumbing industry. Check this out!
How to Find a Good Plumber
It can be very difficult to find a good plumber. The very good ones are in high demand because they are all about their work and their customers. Sadly, some people want to cheat you out of your money, but this guide will help prevent that. Check to make sure that they have a plumbing license. The most basic rule is to be sure that they’re licensed and carry full insurance that protects you and your neighbour’s property in the event of a catastrophe. Get two or more references and read online reviews. You can even ask to see some of the work they have done. Read their Facebook page and twitter feed to see how they are interacting with their customers
Apparently, there are so many things that you should do and so many factors to consider when choosing the right plumbing professional. Now don’t go lazy because just like the saying goes, you have to do your homework. This will ensure that you’re dealing with people who are really experts in their field. They’ll provide you with a seamless output that’s worthy of your hard-earned money. Now that you have some ideas on how to screen your choices, let me also give you a heads up as to how much you might pay for the service that you need. Here’s Angie’s List to give you some info!
How much is that plumbing repair going to cost?
Wondering what that plumbing repair is going to cost you? Local plumbers share their estimates.
Fix a slab leak: $1,000 to $3,000 Stop drippy fixtures and running toilets: $100 to $200 Clear a clogged drain: $100 to $300 Replace a water heater: $1,200-$4,000
Tip: The average cost of a plumbing service charge in DFW is $150. Ask if the plumber charges a flat hourly rate or works on commission. Those that work on commission get paid for selling added repairs, routine maintenance plans and charging for new fixtures instead of repairing existing ones. Either way, ask the plumber for a guaranteed price in writing before work starts.
I hope that my blog today gave you awesome guidelines when searching for the best plumbing service company in El Portal FL. Visit my site for more plumbing related information such as updates on plumbing repair cost, identifying the qualities of a great bathroom contractor and even step-by-step guide on gas hot water heater installation. If you need experts to do the plumbing job for you, just call the most reputed El Portal plumbing professionals in FL! You can reach Douglas Orr Plumbing at 305-887-1687 or 954-522-8282 and they’ll send out their team immediately!
Want to learn more tips when hiring contractors? Watch this video now!
Is your toilet always clogged even after plumbers have made sure that there’s nothing wrong with your drainage lines? Is it rusty and terribly ugly you’re ashamed of having guests use your comfort room? Do you just want to upgrade it to a new model with awesome features?  Whatever your reason is for a new toilet installation, I bet one of your main concerns is the cost of the project. The price actually depends on a lot of reasons and that’s what I want to share with you today.
On average, toilet installation or replacement costs $409, with most homeowners spending between $341 and $477. Installing a new toilet might not be the most thrilling home project, but it’s definitely something that needs to be done. Depending on the needs of your family, there can be a wide range of toilets to choose from and toilet installation prices to match that range. The first step is finding a licensed professional who can help you determine what will be right for your home and your plumbing. If you’re installing new plumbing as well, then this can be something to consider while that’s being implemented or while you’re designing your bathroom. Once you decide on a place and a pro, then there a few common factors that can affect the cost to install a toilet. (See full article here.)
As mentioned in the write-up, a new toilet installation may range from as low as 341 dollars to as high as 477 dollars. But of course, that bracket is still flexible depending on several factors such as the price of the toilet you choose, the area where you are located, the condition of your existing bathroom and if there are even other tasks that professional plumbers should do for you. To help you estimate your project price, use this calculator I found online!
Cost to Install a Toilet
The cost to Install a Toilet averages $266.65 – $338.98 per toilet in 2014. This Toilet Installation cost estimate is calculated from average material costs, unit labor productivity rates and national average hourly labor wages. To refine the estimate for your Toilet Installation project:
1. Set Project Location Enter the location is where labor is hired and materials purchased.
2. Specify Project Size Enter the number of “items” required for the project.
3. Re-calculate Click the “Update” button.
I hope that the articles I shared with you today enlightened you about toilet installation cost in Broward County. If you need professional assistance in terms of its installation, just hire the most reputed Broward County plumbing experts in FL! Plumbers 911 Florida delivers Broward County plumbing services including toilet installation and repair! Reach them at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward) or 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach)!
Take care of your toilet by cleaning it regularly and properly! Watch this video to learn how!

Outdoor faucets work just like those that you have installed inside your homes. They may have other features but the bottom line is, they serve the same purpose: to supply water. However, outdoor taps are more prone to freezing and rusting. Why? Because they are exposed to weather and other elements that cause chemical deterioration. With that in mind, it is normal for your outdoor faucet to stop working over years of use. Fortunately, there are some problems that can be fixed just by replacing parts and that’s what I want to share with you today. I’ll be giving you two resources that will help you change or repair your outdoor faucet’s handle and valve stem. For starters, here’s the first article:
How to Replace an Outdoor Faucet Handle
It is easy to replace an outdoor faucet handle, in case there is leak or it is worn out. A faucet that is in good condition is easy to use and prevents the wasting of water. When replacing damaged devices, make sure to use quality faucets and always check that they are fastened in place to avoid water leakage. Turn off water supply to the faucet and use a wrench to remove the handle used to shut and open the faucet. Loosen the screw that holds it in position. Remove the handle and use pliers or wrenches to remove the nut.
If you read the guide above, you should have learned that common causes of faucet breakage include but are not limited to blockage, corrosion and sediment accumulation. So it will be wise to act immediately in case these problems occur. Anyway, your outdoor faucet’s valve stem may also be replaced. Here’s the manual:
How to Replace a Valve Stem on an Outside Faucet
Most modern indoor faucets employ quick-change cartridges to control the flow of water, so you might find yourself in unfamiliar territory when dealing with an outdoor faucet that uses a valve stem, washer and seat. The advantage of this older technology is that almost all of the parts can be replaced individually, making repairs less expensive. Replacing the valve stem on an outside faucet might not be quite as quick and easy as replacing a cartridge, but it isn’t difficult as long as you gather the necessary parts and install them in the correct manner.
I hope that this Palm Beach County plumber’s guide on repairing outdoor faucet parts is valuable enough to help you get through such emergencies. And in case you need assistance, simply look for the most reliable Palm Beach County plumbing company! Douglas Orr Plumbing delivers exceptional Palm Beach County plumbing services including fixture repair and installation! Call them at 305-887-1687 or 954-522-8282!
Don’t know how to buy plumbing fixtures? Watch this video for awesome tips!

A simple toilet leak may not be your worst enemy at the moment but sooner or later you’ll find it really annoying to constantly have a wet bathroom floor. Aside from that irritating situation, you’ll also get tired of paying high utility bills. I know you will. Who would ever want to pay more than what’s necessary? With that said, it is important for you to understand the usual causes of toilet leaks. I was reading some articles online when I found this valuable resource. And I quote:
“Do you notice a small pool of water where your toilet meets the floor? Does the floor around the toilet feel spongy? Is the finished flooring coming up? If so, you probably have a bad seal between the toilet horn (where the waste exits) and the drain line. Don’t procrastinate any longer. Small leaks trapped beneath the toilet will eventually rot floor surfaces, and even the underlying framing. Wait too long and repair costs rise, especially when you figure in replacing finished flooring and sometimes underlayments, subfloors or even the framing.
In this article, we’ll show you some tips for pulling the toilet (Photos 1 – 3) and then how to diagnose and fix the common causes of leaks. Finally, we’ll show you how to reset the toilet. After pulling the toilet and examining the evidence, you may get lucky and just have to replace the wax ring and remount the toilet. If that’s the case, you’ll have the stool back on-line in under an hour. You’ll find the products we suggest for making repairs at any home center or well-stocked hardware store.” (See full article here.)
Having read the article above, you have learned that the common causes of toilet leaking include but are not limited to bad seal, a broken toilet flange and even improper mounting. And these are actually problems that are easy to fix — with the right tools and plumbing skills. So if you’re ready and want to learn how to get rid of that leak now, read on and enjoy this step-by-step guide:
How to Fix a Running Toilet
Your toilet flushes just fine, but it doesn’t know when to quit. Perhaps it stops running and then starts up again suddenly or constantly leaks into the bowl. Either way, it’s wasting a lot of water and making that noise that keeps you up at night. Fortunately, it’s usually not difficult or expensive to repair a toilet if you know a bit about how they work. Be systematic about tracking down the problem. There are only so many things that can go wrong inside a toilet tank.
I hope that you have learned a lot from the Tuolumne County plumber’s guide on how to fix a leaking toilet! And should you need excellent plumbing assistance at home, just hire the best Tuolumne County plumbing experts in CA! Plumbers 911 California delivers first-rate Tuolumne County plumbing services including toilet repair and many more! Call them at 800-731-1139!
Want to know how to replace your toilet’s flush lever? Watch this video now!

Whether you need help on plumbing repairs or plan on giving your bathroom a makeover, you’ll have to seek the best bathroom contractor. You’ve already asked referrals from friends. You have searched the World Wide Web for customer feedback and reviews. You also went straight to Angie’s List to check out reliable and accurate accounts of customer experiences from the worst to the best. You have sorted out companies that offer warranties and work within the guidelines of insurance policies. And still, you’re left with a long list of potential candidates. So now the question is, “How will you know which among these contractors is the best to transact with?” Well, let us share with you some qualities of a great bathroom contractor and maybe this will help you come up with a decision.
1. Getting a quotation is easy. However, remember that it’s best for contractors to have a look at your bathroom before sending a quotation out. It’s a breeze to talk over the phone and relay what you want to have done but how they can tell the actual cost if they don’t even know how big or how small your bathroom is or what your plumbing system looks like?
2. Insurance is a must. You have to not only protect your property but also your neighbor’s. You just won’t be able to tell if something will go terribly wrong. Why risk your home or your neighbor’s property? Surely you do not want to spend more money than what you should.
3. Financial options are really helpful. What if you suddenly run out of budget while in the middle of an improvement project? There are a lot of bathroom contractors out there that accept payments through credit cards or financing.
4. A great contractor is honest. It is important that they are vocal on what they can or cannot do. While it is not that easy to verify expertise, you’ll know that they are good at a specific task through previous customer feedback.
5. Quality over money. We know you want to save as much money as you can. But note that cheap services are often poor services. Providing plumbing service on a bargain more often than not entails flawed work and you may just end up paying more in the end because of recurring call-outs.
6. The contract and quotation should be clear on what will be done, how much will be charged and how long will the project last. More importantly, it will be wise to choose a contractor who will explain all the details to you for clarity. Always keep in mind that a good client-customer relationship starts with communication.
We hope that you found these tips valuable. And should you need the help of the best US local bathroom contractor, don’t hesitate to call us at Plumbers 911! We deliver excellent, flawless plumbing services including home remodeling, plumbing appliances repair and installation, backflow prevention, sub-metering, gas system installation and many more! Call us today at 305-662-0668 (Miami Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach), 800-731-1139 (Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Are you on a tight budget and planning on remodeling a small bathroom? Watch this video and learn awesome tips!
Qualities Of A Great Bathroom Contractor first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.
Regardless if you’re getting rid of a clog in your kitchen sink; repairing a bathroom faucet or replacing a shower head, you’ll need essential plumber tools that will make the job easier for you! Doing DIY plumbing requires not only the proper skills but also the right equipment to ensure that the project is successfully done. Otherwise, you’ll be causing more damages than repair to your property. So to help you complete your plumber’s kit, let us give you a list of the tools that you should have.
1. Pipe Wrench
The pipe wrench obviously symbolizes all of plumbing. Why so? Well, whenever you encounter the word plumbing, does a picture of a pipe wrench pop into your mind? We thought so! Indeed, this tool is the most used during plumbing installations and repairs. It delivers strong grip and leverage which allows plumbers to loosen or tighten fixtures, pipes, joints and plumbing parts. Only be mindful of its sharp teeth because they can leave marks.
2.  Sink Snake or Sink Auger
This tool is a must-have when getting rid of clogs in your sink drain. It breaks down solid materials into smaller pieces thereby allowing you to snatch them out of the pipes. You can also use this in your tub drains.
3.  Plunger
A plunger is also great for clogs. However, you should take note that there are several types of plunger and each of them is used for specific types of fixtures. First of all, we have the cup plunger which is used to clear clogs in tubs, showers and sinks. The flange plunger, on the other hand, features a specially designed hole that makes it a perfect tool for clearing toilet clogs.
4.  Toilet Auger
This tool is also known to many as the water closet auger or closet auger. It also works like a sink auger only that it’s specifically designed for toilets.
5. Teflon Tape
The Teflon tape is a flexible thin white tape that’s used to securely seal pipe threads when making joint connections. It seals the air and gas from seeping out of the pipes thus preventing leaks. Sold in small rolls, the Teflon tape is inexpensive and easy to procure.
6. Tubing Cutter
A tubing cutter is very important when fixing, repairing or installing copper pipes. This tool is used to smoothly and squarely cut pipes so that they’ll fit joints perfectly. This will make the job easier and faster compared to using a hacksaw. And oh, they can also be used when cutting metal curtain rods, too.
7. Faucet Packing and Washers
Keeping faucet packing and washers handy will save you from a lot of inconveniences during plumbing emergencies that involve your faucets. Use them when your kitchen tap leaks or your tub faucet is loose. Keep these in your tool kit so that you won’t need to head out to the supply shop in the middle of the night – if there’s even one open.
8. Faucet Valve Seat Wrench
You’ll need the valve seat wrench when repairing, replacing or fixing faucets. It will allow you to loosen up the valve seat so that you can detach the faucet body and have it repaired or replaced.
 Keep all these plumber tools handy at home and you’ll get through plumbing emergencies! Should you need professional help, don’t forget to hire the most trustworthy local US plumbing experts! That’s us, Plumbers 911! We deliver only the best, the most affordable and the most immediate plumbing services in the US such as home remodeling, toilet repairs, gas system installation, water heater repairs and many more! Reach us by calling 305-662-0668 (Miami Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach), 800-731-1139(Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Learn more about the most common plumbing tools! Watch this video now!

Plumber Tools You Shouldn’t Live Without first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.
A dishwasher can be a blessing. You don’t have to spend time washing your dishes by hand. Your skin and hands don’t dry out from using so many harsh detergents.  And best of all, you save time. But what happens when something goes wrong? What do you do when water floods out of the machine? There’s got to be something more efficient than getting out that mop and bucket.
You just gotta troubleshoot those dishwashing problems. Who knows, it may be an indication of a worse plumbing problem.  Look over these three common dishwasher problem to see if it’s a simple issue or something more complicated, a problem where you should  call in a plumbing repair specialist.
Fixing 3 Common Dishwasher Problems
A blocked drainage hose on your dishwasher can create serious problem and result in overflow in the kitchen sink.  Before you call the appliance repairman out to work on your dishwasher though you should see if you can solve the problem on your own.  In most cases this problem does not even require replacement parts; usually the only thing that you need to do is clean the dishwasher.
To avoid having this problem too frequently you should actually get your kitchen appliances looked at regularly by a licensed plumber repairman. This can prevent water damage and prolong the durability of your dishwasher and otehr appliances. Besides, regular maintenance can also help you avoid higher energy costs.
 
Many people want their purchases to work for 30 years with no upkeep, maintenance, or careful use on their part. This can work for standard things like chairs, desks, and blankets. However, the more complex something is the more likely that it will need to be repaired to ensure proper operation and energy efficiency. Anyone who works as a mechanic can tell you that frequent maintenance is much better than repair. This is because it is less expensive and your original parts will be available. Appliances are a great example of an item that can do with basic maintenance. Keeping the parts clean and running smoothly will allow it to last far longer than you would expect.
Owning a dishwasher is a great convenience, but you gotta take care of it. This appliance maintenance prevents other more serious plumbing issues like water damage, hose breaks and drain blockage.  Some of these maintenance tasks you can do yourself, but others, you need to call in a qualified plumbing expert to do.




A few months back, I awoke one morning to the faint sound of running water somewhere in my house. I searched the kitchen and all the bathrooms but could find no sign of water running from any faucet or toilet. I went outside and checked the faucets in front of the house, but they too were all shut off and dry. I trotted back inside and decided to go into the garage to check on the hot water heater. I opened up the inside door to the garage and was immediately knocked off my feet by a tidal wave of scalding hot water. The water flooded into our hallway and soon the hall was filled with 2 feet of floating boxes, gardening tools, a few drowned mice, and all the contents of our secondary freezer, which had tipped over and released a months supply of frozen meat into the water.
Now that you’ve had a laugh at the way this poor man had to deal with his plumbing issues. Know that you don’t have to burn your house down. You can prevent real plumbing disasters by taking a few tips from a South Florida expert plumber.
 
When homeowners hoist a wrench to install or repair sinks, tubs and toilets, they risk more than leaks. They risk their sanity, finances and general mechanical disaster. Here are 10 essential principles to avoid plumbing disaster.
 
Being a homeowner is very rewarding, but you do need to take responsibility. There are parts to your home that are not visible; your plumbing pipes being one of them.  Routine maintenance is the way to go. You’ll want to call in expert plumbing consultants every year to make a full inspection. Yes, this may mean a service fee, but it’s much better to have this initial cost, rather than a more expensive plumbing repair cost.
As a home or business owner, plumbing repairs and improvement projects are naturally part of your budget. You’ll just never know when your plumbing fixtures break; your water heater or dishwasher malfunction or your pipes get clogged or burst. And because of these unpredictable plumbing emergencies, you’ve got to have money to be able to put everything back on its tip-top shape. Moreover, you’ve got to know a professional whom you can rely on; someone who won’t rip you out and instead fix the problems for you fast. The only question is how would you know that a certain plumbing company is exactly the best provider you’re looking for? Well, one way to find that out is simply reading plumber reviews. If you’re not the type who does background checks before hiring a hand, let us give you several reasons why you should start reading customer feedback now.
1. You’ll know the plumber’s expertise. Most home and business owners share their experiences when they pay for plumbing services. Reading customer feedback will give you an idea about what tasks or projects are done excellently by a specific plumber. Is he good at plumbing repairs? What about installation? What about sewers and septic tank systems?
2. You’ll know if the plumber has good work ethics. Good customer service isn’t only determined by a plumber’s skills but also by personality. You have to read reviews to know if a plumber is courteous, prompt and professional. Does he work with integrity? Does he arrive on time? Is he friendly or is he a brute? Are his customers satisfied by his service?
3. You’ll know if the plumbing service provider charges fairly. The times are hard and we are all concerned about shelling out hard-earned money. Read customer reviews so that you’ll know if there was ever a time when a plumber charged unjustly. Surely you don’t want to hire someone who’ll take advantage of the little knowledge you have about plumbing.
4. You’ll know if the plumber is worth the risk and the trust. Does he have more negative than positive feedback? What’s the most common issue that customers experienced when he was hired to do the plumbing work? Getting bad reviews isn’t at all bothering because there isn’t a single business out there that received just positive remarks. But if the plumbing company has more bad than good ratings, that’s definitely something to think about.
We hope that you now understand why it’s important to read plumber reviews. And should you need help with your plumbing, look no further and just call the most reputed local US plumber! That’s us, Plumbers 911! We deliver excellent and affordable plumbing services in the US such as remodeling, submetering, fixture installation and repairs and many more! Reach us by calling 305-662-0668 (Miami Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach), 800-731-1139(Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Want to learn stuff about plumbing repairs? Watch this video!

Reasons Why You Should Read Plumber Reviews first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.
Are you planning on renovating your bathroom? You should know that regardless of its size, a bathroom remodel is a costly improvement project. The expense is dependent upon several factors including the extent of the room’s current damage; the cost of labor in your area; the type, brand and quality of materials you’ll use for the project and more. On the other hand, even if it’s costly, we cannot deny the fact that it is also a great investment. Not only will your bathroom look good but the improvement will also add value to your home. That said, it is important for every homeowner like you to be prepared financially months before the improvement starts. Now if you’re really concerned about what you’ll spend, we can actually help you reduce the cost.
1. Plan.
This stage is a vital part of any home improvement project. Evaluating your bathroom space and mulling over what you want to do with it will help you get an idea of how much you’ll spend. Should you change your countertops? Do you need to redo the tiles? Are there fixtures that need replacement? Do you need to replace your toilet? Do you need new cabinets? Planning will help you anticipate the materials you’ll need to buy, identify the tasks that should be done and thwart unexpected expenses. And remember, once you already have a plan, try to stick to it.
2. Consider the most important aspects of the remodel.
Surely you would like a total overhaul. But if you’re on a tight budget, you might want to consider choosing the most important aspects of the improvement first. If your toilet has cracks already, you might want to choose its replacement over a new countertop. If your showerhead is already corroded, you might want to prioritize it over a new cabinet. Do not forget that the essentials include proper ventilation, adequate lighting and functionality.
3. Canvass your materials.
You won’t lose anything by doing a little research. Create a list of the materials you’ll need for the bathroom remodeling. Go to different shops or check websites for prices. Weigh quality over quantity. Would you choose a toilet that’s functional and affordable or something more high-end?
4. Prepare your budget ahead.
Preparing the budget months before the construction starts will keep you relaxed. In case of unanticipated repairs, you’ll be prepared and capable of paying for it. It will also be more advantageous to save money from your income instead of loaning for the project.
5. Do some DIY.
Doing some of the tasks will reduce your remodeling costs. If you’re capable of doing the tiles, replacing the fixtures or setting up the cabinets, then do it. It will drastically lower down your labor costs especially if the workers you’ll hire will charge by the hour.
6. Try not to relocate the plumbing.
Unless there are damages that require a modification of your plumbing blueprint, try not to tamper with it. Changing the location of your toilet will add more to the cost than simply replacing it.
We hope that you learned a lot about reducing the cost for small bathroom remodel. And should you need professional assistance for your home remodeling, just hire the most reputed local US plumbers! That’s us, Plumbers 911! We provide local plumbing services in the US including plumbing appliance installation, water heater repair and many more! Call us now at 305-662-0669 (Miami Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach), 800-731-1139 (Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Need more tips for bathroom remodeling on a budget? Watch this video now!

Reducing The Cost For Small Bathroom Remodel first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.
It’s a hassle to use your toilet or sink and find out later that they’re clogged! Imagine having to sweat yourself out as you patiently wait for the toilet to go down or to use up all your vinegar and baking soda just to prevent the kitchen sink from turning into a bird bath. It’s really inconvenient isn’t it? The thing is, clogs cannot be prevented unless of course, you really take care of your drains stringently. But instead of panicking, you should know that even if you lack expert plumbing skills, you can still get rid of the clogs effortlessly. All you need to do is make use of an efficient tool that’s easy to handle — the drain snake!
A drain snake is also known as the drain auger, the electric eel, the toilet jack or simply the plumbing snake. It’s a great plumbing tool used to unclog drains and they are really advisable to have at home. There are several types and designs of augers but generally speaking, they have long and flexible metal cables that are equipped with corkscrew augers at the end. Using it is not difficult at all. You just have to rotate it and let its cable spiral down into your drain. When it finally reaches the clog, the corkscrew auger will chew at it and eventually get rid of the blockage.
1. Prepare your cleaning gloves, a bucket, a couple of rags or towels and your plumbing snake.
2. Remove the cover of your drain including the hair trap or the tub screen if you have them. You have to keep the drain open so that you can maneuver your auger smoothly into it.
3. Push the cable into the drain and rotate the handle clockwise, as far as it can go.
4. Once you reach the clog, continue pushing down and let your plumbing snake chew at it.
5. Hook the clog and continue pushing on it to break it down into smaller pieces.
6. Pull your snake out slowly to remove the clog from your drain. Continue doing this until you’re sure that all the things that caused the blockage are out. Dump the waste into the bucket and use the towel to clean the snake every time it retrieves pieces of waste.
7. Turn the faucet on and let water run through your drain to make sure that it’s no longer clogged.
 We hope that you learned much from our blog post for this week. If your drain snake still doesn’t resolve the problem with your sink, simply call the most trusted local plumbing service providers in the US! Plumbers 911 delivers excellent plumbing services covering homeowners plumbing, commercial plumbing and more! Reach us by calling 305-662-0669 (Miami Dade), 954-468-0512 (Broward), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach), 800-731-1139(Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Want to learn how to unclog your kitchen sink? Watch this quick video!

What Is A Drain Snake And How Do You Use It? first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.

I know plumbers that make $80,000, $90,000 a year,” he said in a recent interview, after spending an afternoon clearing a clogged drain at a customer’s home.
But let’s look at things from another point of view. Would you be willing to trudge through sewer slime, sit in poop for hours on end or crawl through critter infested crawl spaces, even if you were paid $50,000 to $80,000 a year. Many of us just wouldn’t, not for any amount of money. This is the nature of the qualified plumber’s job. He goes where no one else would dare to go.
 
There will come a point in time when your shower knobs doesn’t move anymore; when your kitchen faucet leaks; when your toilet doesn’t flush; when your water heater doesn’t supply you with hot water anymore or when your septic tank backs up. Even when your plumbing skills fail to resolve such issues, there’s still no need to worry. All you need is a reliable bathroom repair company that will take care of these problems for you. The only question is, do you already have plumbing experts to rely on? If your answer is “No”, let us help you find the best and the right plumbing company for you!
1. Experience
We all want to transact with a seasoned plumber, someone who has positively solved the kind of plumbing emergencies you have at home or in your commercial establishment. But the thing is, we can’t solely base “experience” on years of being in the industry. Years of operation could be a factor but what you might want to look into is the number of customers that they have dealt with. Loyal customers and transactions show how good plumbing companies are. You can check feedback from neighbors, loved ones or even resources online such as Angie’s List.
2. Expertise
There is no such thing as jack-of-all-trades. It’s actually a misconception that goes around in the construction industry. That’s why a reputable plumbing company hires a great number of plumbers who are experts on different fields. To simply put it, one plumber cannot go to you, offer his services and say he’s good at everything. Surely there is a plumbing project that he can do best and another one that he’s not so good at. Because of this, it is really important that you tell the plumbing company the exact emergency you’re experiencing so that they’ll send the right plumber to you.
3. Trustworthiness
You’ll know that a plumbing company is trustworthy when it hires drug-free, skilled and well-trained plumbers. It is important that a plumber doesn’t have any criminal record because well, you’ll let the person into your house. To make sure that you’re dealing with the right company, once again read testimonials, reviews and feedback from previous customers. You should find a lot of these on online forums and other internet resources.
4. Reliability
When your pipe suddenly bursts in the middle of the night or when the toilet gets a really nasty clog, is your plumbing company reachable? Can you give them a call and ask them to come over to solve the problem? There aren’t so many companies that operate 24/7 so you might want to look for one that does. Consistent and continuous availability mean that you can rely on them anytime and that is definitely relieving.
5. Immediate & Exceptional Service
Would you like a plumbing company who schedules you three days later? Of course not! It is great to know that a plumbing company has a lot of customers but it’s really a hassle if they can’t fix your problem ASAP. That said, it is just right to choose a company that has a lot of available plumbers to put a stop on your leaking faucet, unclog your toilet or end the foul-smelling septic tank back-ups FAST!
We hope that these tips will help you find the most trustworthy US plumbing professionals! And if you are in need of local plumbing services in the US such as toilet repairs, faucet repairs, plumbing fixture installation and many more, just call Plumbers 911 and we’ll help you ASAP! Reach us at 305-662-0668 (Miami-Dade County), 954-468-0512 (Broward County), 561-327-6287 (Palm Beach County),800-731-1139 (Central Valley) or 877-745-3257 (Washington DC)!
Want to try DIY plumbing? Learn basic skills by watching this video!

What Should You Look For In A Bathroom Repair Company? first appeared on http://ift.tt/18TwldP.


--URL: http://ift.tt/18Two9q

-Faucets and valves are the main types of plumbing fixture fittings installed in a plumbing system.
-They are commonly installed in lavatories, kitchens, bathtubs and showers.
-Specialty valves are used for applications such as pre-rinse spray hoses and dishwasher solenoids.
-We can give you quality services and estimates for this and other repairs like drain cleaning, leak detection, clogs and more.
Questions? Our live operators are always available, just pick up the phone and we’re ready to help! Our Miami and Fort Lauderdale plumbing technicians are always here to serve you!
For more information on how Plumbers 911 can help you, call us in Miami at 305-662-0668 or Fort Lauderdale at 954-468-0512.


 
© 2015 Plumbers 911 is a National Plumbing Referral Service.

--URL: http://www.plumbers911.com/feed/rss/

--URL: http://youtube.com/plumbers911
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/testtube
And if playing 4K videos at 3840x2160 isn't enough to melt your device, try doing it at 60 frames per second. We've combined these two cutting-edge features for a few videos in this playlist. This feature may not work well on every device, but if you've got a powerful rig, try it out!
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/
The Policy and Safety Hub is a central resource for you to learn about YouTube's policies, safety practices, and reporting tools.
To learn more about YouTube's guiding principles, read our Community Guidelines.
Learn more about our policies to get a better understanding of what is and isn't allowed on YouTube.
Check it out
Your safety is important to us. Learn about tools and find resources for staying safe on YouTube.
Learn more
Learn how to report content and see how we enforce our Community Guidelines.
Get started

--URL: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Last modified: February 25, 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/
Last modified: April 14, 2014 (view archived versions)
Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.
Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.
Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.
You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
Open source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.
We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.
We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE, AND GOOGLE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).
IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.
We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.
These terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.
If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).
If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
Many websites use Google technologies to improve their content and keep it free. When you visit a website that uses our advertising products (like AdSense), social products (like the +1 button) or analytics tools (Google Analytics), your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes, for example, the web address of the page that you're visiting and your IP address. We may also set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there.
Similarly, apps that partner with Google can send us information such as the name of the app and an identifier that helps us to determine which ads we've served to other apps on your device.
When you visit websites or use apps that use Google technologies, we may use the information we receive from those websites and apps to, for example:
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your web browser when you visit or interact with Google services on partners' sites across the web:
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/safetycenter/families/start/
As a parent or guardian, you know what feels right for your family and how your kids learn best. To help your family navigate through new technologies, gadgets, and services in an ever-changing online world, it helps to get practical advice. That’s why we continuously talk to safety experts, parents, educators and communities around the world – to keep a pulse on what works. Together, we can help nurture a community of responsible digital citizens.
For busy parents, get some quick suggestions for how to help keep your family safe online.
Read more
Find a few simple online security tips to help you and your family stay safe online.
Read more
Learn about how to talk to your family about mobile devices.
Read more
Minors can remove content or information they post on Google's sites, services, or applications by following the instructions and accessing the removal options provided on the site, service, or application itself. (But you should know that such removal of content or information may not be complete or comprehensive, such as when the content or information has been reposted by a third party.)
Discover the Top 5 Google safety features designed to help you keep your family safe online.
By enabling SafeSearch, you can filter out most of the mature content that you or your family may prefer to avoid. If an inappropriate result does sneak through, you can report it to Google. We're always working to improve our content filters, and this kind of feedback can help us make SafeSearch better for everyone.
Learn more
Visit the Search Settings page at www.google.com/preferences.
Check the box next to “Filter explicit results”.
Hit the “save” button at the bottom of the page.
You can click “Lock SafeSearch” to help prevent others from changing your setting. You will be asked to enter your password.
If you’d prefer to not to see mature or age-restricted content as you browse YouTube, scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and enable Safety Mode. Safety Mode helps filter out potentially objectionable content from search, related videos, playlists, shows, and films.
Learn more
Scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and click the drop-down menu in the “Safety” section.
Select the On or Off option to enable or disable Safety Mode.
To lock this setting, sign in to your Google Account.
Once you're signed in, you will have the option to lock this setting.
If you want to control which sites your family can visit on the Internet you can use Supervised Users in Google Chrome. With Supervised Users you can see the pages your user has visited and block the sites you don't want your user to see.
Learn more
To set up a supervised user on your Chromebook, start on the main sign-in screen and click Add user.
On the right hand side of the screen, select Create a supervised user.
Click Create a supervised user.
Log in to the account that will manage the supervised user and click Next.
Select a username, password, and picture for the supervised user. Click Next.
Want to share your tablet without sharing all your stuff? On Android tablets running 4.3 and higher, you can create restricted profiles that limit the access that other users have to features and content on your tablet.
Learn more
If you’re the tablet owner, touch Settings → Users → Add user or profile.
Touch Restricted profile → New profile, then name the profile.
Use the ON/OFF switches and settings to manage access to features, settings, and apps.
Press the Power button to return to the lock screen, then touch the new profile icon.
Once it's all set up, the Home screen is empty. Touch the All Apps icon to get started with the new profile.
Just like at the movies, you can decide which Google Play apps are appropriate for your family by looking at the ratings: everyone, low maturity, medium maturity, or high maturity. You can filter apps by level, and also lock the filtering level with a simple PIN code (keeping other users from accidentally disabling the filter).
Learn more
Open the Google Play Store app on your device.
Touch the Play Store icon → Settings.
Under “User controls”, select Content filtering.
Choose the filter that's right for your family. Ratings range from “Everyone” to “High Maturity”.
Touch OK. Then, create and enter a PIN to help prevent unwanted changes to your filter settings.
See more safety tools

--URL: https://www.google.com/preferences
Global Preferences (changes apply to all Google services)
Lock SafeSearch This will apply strict filtering to all searches from this computer using this browser. Learn more


--URL: https://www.google.com/about.html
Search volume around the world, visualized on the WebGL Globe
Ten things we know to be true
Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
More about our philosophy
Read up on our latest news, browse our blog directory, or choose to follow a number of Google+ pages for updates on various products and initiatives.
Learn more
Ever wondered what life at Google looks like or what benefits you might expect as a Googler? Search for a job at Google or check out one of our locations worldwide.
Learn more
Find out about investor news, financial information or corporate governance.
Learn more
Doodles are the fun, surprising and sometimes spontaneous changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries and the lives of famous artists, pioneers and scientists.
View all Doodles
Google Ventures is an independent venture capital fund financed by Google. With $300 million to invest each year, the team looks to find and invest in the most disruptive and interesting startup founders.
Learn more

--URL: https://www.google.com/contact/
Having trouble with your Google account, Gmail, Docs or any other Google product?
Browse our help center
Browse popular help forum discussions »
If you know of a safety or abuse problem with any of Google's services, we'd like to hear about it right away.
Please use the options below to find and report the issue.
Easy-to-understand information about our products, policies and privacy principles
View the data associated with your Google account
Good to know – tips and advice for staying more secure on the web
Visit Webmaster Central – the fastest way to get help with increasing traffic to your site, and see your site's crawling, indexing and search traffic data.
Post a question to Webmaster Central forums »
Browse all Webmaster Central posts »
Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043 USA telephone: +1 650 253 0000 fax: +1 650 253 0001
View our other locations
Visit our careers site for information, or search our current jobs.
For press inquiries and media resources, visit News from Google.

--URL: https://support.google.com/faqs/answer/6151275
This page provides information for a user or an attorney seeking user data in a civil case in the U.S or outside of the U.S. If you are seeking user data related to a criminal case, you can read more about our policies and processes at the Transparency Report.
When Google receives requests for user data, we review them very carefully according to applicable state and federal laws. It’s Google’s policy to notify users before data is disclosed as set out here.
Google may be served by FedEx, UPS, certified mail or personal service:
Google Inc. c/o Custodian of Records 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043
Google accepts subpoenas issued from the Santa Clara Superior Court or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. Google is unable to accept service by email, fax, or regular mail.
Requests must specifically name the product/service and identify the accounts by email address or other appropriate unique identifier. Requests to identify users by real names or IP addresses may be declined.
For requests from outside the U.S., Google Inc. can be reached at:
Google Inc. c/o Custodian of Records 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 United States of America
*To avoid delays, please provide an email address to which we can respond.
If you are a user seeking your own data, Google Dashboard (www.google.com/dashboard) provides a summary of information associated with your account.
Additionally, you can use Google Takeout (www.google.com/takeout) to download data stored within your account.

--URL: https://www.google.com/accounts/TOS
Last modified: April 14, 2014 (view archived versions)
Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.
Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.
Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.
You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
Open source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.
We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.
We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE, AND GOOGLE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).
IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.
We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.
These terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.
If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).
If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
Last modified: February 25, 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/product-privacy/
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: https://support.google.com/policies
What's the general area of your concern?
Choose the area that best describes your concern
Which product area is your question related to?
Select the issue
Select the issue
Select the issue
Select the issue
Which product area is your question related to?
What area is your concern related to?
Choose the area that best describes your concern
What do you want to remove?
Which product area is your question related to?
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Choose the area that best describes your concern
Select an option
Please specify what information you are looking for:
Which product area is your question related to?
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Which product area is your question related to?
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Select an option
Which product is your question related to?
Please select an option
Please select an option
Please select an option
Please select one of the options

--URL: https://www.google.com/policies
Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Read our Privacy Policy
Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
Read our Terms of Service
We’re committed to protecting your privacy, improving your security, and building simple tools to give you choice and control.
Protect your Google Account with something you know (your password) and something you have (your phone). Find out how to set up 2-step verification.
See the services and information associated with your Google Account, and change your security and privacy settings. Visit Google Account settings.
Learn how to browse incognito in Google Chrome, so pages you open and files you download aren’t recorded in Chrome’s browsing or download history. Find out how to access incognito mode.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.
As you use Gmail, Search, YouTube, and other products from Google, you have the power to control and protect your personal information and usage history. The Google Product Privacy Guide can help you find information about how to manage some of the privacy features built into Google's products.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: https://accounts.google.com/

Create an account
One Google Account for everything Google

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about
Search volume around the world, visualized on the WebGL Globe
Ten things we know to be true
Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
More about our philosophy
Read up on our latest news, browse our blog directory, or choose to follow a number of Google+ pages for updates on various products and initiatives.
Learn more
Ever wondered what life at Google looks like or what benefits you might expect as a Googler? Search for a job at Google or check out one of our locations worldwide.
Learn more
Find out about investor news, financial information or corporate governance.
Learn more
Doodles are the fun, surprising and sometimes spontaneous changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries and the lives of famous artists, pioneers and scientists.
View all Doodles
Google Ventures is an independent venture capital fund financed by Google. With $300 million to invest each year, the team looks to find and invest in the most disruptive and interesting startup founders.
Learn more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/lifeatgoogle/
Get to know who we are - from the inside out. From our history and culture, to the people behind our products, get the inside scoop on all things Googley.
1 / 5
Googlers solve complex problems everyday in the name of our core mission to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible to our users. But what makes working at Google truly unique is the workplace culture that encourages innovation and a healthy disregard for the impossible. Watch Alan Eustace, SVP of knowledge, explain the secret ingredient that makes Google a great place to work: our people.
See more
2 / 5
Fortune Magazine and the Great Place to Work Institute named Google the 2014 “Best Company Work For.” This marks our fifth time at the top of the list. While we’re honored to be included, what makes us proud is the recognition of the great contributions Googlers make to the communities in which we live and work.
See more
3 / 5
Whether it’s creating self-driving cars or translating the web into 64 languages, we love big bets. Our company culture encourages experimentation and the free flow of ideas. This perspective is not limited to our engineering teams and technical roles, but extends to all Googlers who share a desire to challenge what’s possible.
See more
4 / 5
Since Larry Page took over as CEO in 2011, we've been more focused than ever on improving the user experience across all of our products. Learn how our design teams worked together to engineer a creative revolution in this story from The Verge.
See more
5 / 5
When you want people to think creatively and push the boundaries of what’s possible, their workspace shouldn’t be a drab maze of beige cubicles. Our offices have become well known for their innovative, fun and—some might say wacky—design. Like most of our decisions, data shows that these spaces have a positive impact on productivity, collaboration and inspiration. Simply put, we aim to make our offices a place that Googlers want to be. A reporter from The New York Times stopped by our Manhattan offices and was surprised by what he found.
See more
We’ve always wanted Google to be a place that brought together smart, talented people from a diversity of backgrounds, and where you could bring your whole self to work. Lots has been written about our great perks, but read on to find out what our culture is really all about.
At Google, our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible. ...
See more
San Francisco-based Googler Shaun Aukland gained unexpected, international attention when he asked his boyfriend Michael ...
See more
What happens when you mix together entrepreneurial drive, resources, freedom and the urge to do ...
See more
At Google, we believe in making the world a better place through technology. You could ...
See more
Collaboration isn’t just about working together to solve problems or overcome challenges. At Google, it’s ...
See more
Our engineers use technology to solve some of the world’s biggest challenges. But you don’t have to code to innovate at Google. Learn how Googlers across all our teams think big and find creative ways to work better and smarter in all that we do.
Operating at a global scale presents some amazing challenges. To find solutions, Google recruits computer ...
See more
With all the talk about cloud computing, it’s easy to forget that the 20 billion ...
See more
We want people to feel good about using Google products. One way we try to ...
See more
Google researchers teamed up with Stanford University computer scientists to build a "deep learning" neural ...
See more
Astro Teller (yes, that is his real name) shares how Google bets big on the ...
See more
Googler Amit Sood chats with CBS This Morning about his work on Google Art Project, ...
See more
People are at the core of who we are, and Googlers have taken all kinds of paths in their careers to get here. Learn more about what we do and some of the choices we’ve made along the way.
When disaster strikes, Software Engineer Raquel Romano and the Google Crisis Response team spring into ...
See more
After just three months at Google, Interaction Designer Noah Levin took the lead in changing ...
See more
Creating and launching a new product can be daunting. Laura Holmes earned her stripes in ...
See more
People depend on Google Maps every day to get them where they need to go. ...
See more
Adam Singer is passionate about the power of data. As an Analytics Advocate for Google ...
See more
At Google, speed is key. Business analysts and engineers alike create solutions at an incredible ...
See more
When it comes to our benefits and perks, we have everything you'd expect from a large company, like health insurance, retirement benefits and so on. But we also offer way more than the basics. Our benefits are part of who we are, and they're designed to take care of the whole you and keep you healthy, whether physically, emotionally, financially or socially.
Learn more about our benefits
Our process is pretty basic; the path to getting hired usually involves a first conversation with a recruiter, a phone interview and an onsite interview at one of our offices. But there are a few things we've baked in along the way that make getting hired at Google a little different.
Learn more about how we hire

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/lifeatgoogle/hiringprocess/
We’re looking for our next Noogler - someone who’s good for the role, good for Google and good at lots of things.
Things move quickly around here. At Internet speed. That means we have to be nimble, both in how we work and how we hire. We look for people who are great at lots of things, love big challenges and welcome big changes. We can’t have too many specialists in just one particular area. We’re looking for people who are good for Google—and not just for right now, but for the long term.
This is the core of how we hire. Our process is pretty basic; the path to getting hired usually involves a first conversation with a recruiter, a phone interview and an onsite interview at one of our offices. But there are a few things we’ve baked in along the way that make getting hired at Google a little different.
We’re looking for smart, team-oriented people who can get things done. When you interview at Google, you’ll likely interview with four or five Googlers. They’re looking for four things:
We’ll want to know how you’ve flexed different muscles in different situations in order to mobilize a team. This might be by asserting a leadership role at work or with an organization, or by helping a team succeed when you weren’t officially appointed as the leader.
We’re looking for people who have a variety of strengths and passions, not just isolated skill sets. We also want to make sure that you have the experience and the background that will set you up for success in your role. For engineering candidates in particular, we’ll be looking to check out your coding skills and technical areas of expertise.
We’re less concerned about grades and transcripts and more interested in how you think. We’re likely to ask you some role-related questions that provide insight into how you solve problems. Show us how you would tackle the problem presented--don’t get hung up on nailing the “right” answer.
We want to get a feel for what makes you, well, you. We also want to make sure this is a place you’ll thrive, so we’ll be looking for signs around your comfort with ambiguity, your bias to action and your collaborative nature.
There are also a few other things we do to make sure we’re always hiring the right candidate for the right role and for Google.
At Google, you work on tons of projects with different groups of Googlers, across many teams and time zones. To give you a sense of what working here is really like, some of your interviewers could be potential teammates, but some interviewers will be with other teams. This helps us see how you might collaborate and fit in at Google overall.
An independent committee of Googlers review feedback from all of the interviewers. This committee is responsible for ensuring our hiring process is fair and that we’re holding true to our “good for Google” standards as we grow.
We believe that if you hire great people and involve them intensively in the hiring process, you’ll get more great people. Over the past couple of years, we’ve spent a lot of time making our hiring process as efficient as possible - reducing time-to-hire and increasing our communications to candidates. While involving Googlers in our process does take longer, we believe it’s worth it. Our early Googlers identified these principles more than ten years ago, and it’s what allows us to hold true to who we are as we grow.
These core principles are true across Google, but when it comes to specifics, there are some pieces of our process that look a little different across teams. Our recruiters can help you navigate through these as the time comes.
At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
Preparing for a technical interview at Google? We know interviews can be daunting and we ...
See more
Authenticity. Creativity. Metrics. Watch this Hangout on Air to learn what our Sales Staffing team ...
See more
Todd Carlisle, staffing director for our business teams, knows to look for people who can ...
See more
We’ve grown a lot since our recruiting team made this video in 2007, but our ...
See more
Three members of our staffing team - Tolu, Matt and Kara - share insights that ...
See more


--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/lifeatgoogle/qa-with-google-staffing-team.html
Three members of our staffing team - Tolu, Matt and Kara - share insights that only Google recruiters can know-- from the types of candidates we look for when reviewing resumes to how our hiring process works (and has evolved over time) to the difference between a phone screen and a phone interview.
Preparing for a technical interview at Google? We know interviews can be daunting and we ...
See more
Join four members of our São Paulo sales staffing team - two Carols, Ana and ...
See more
Authenticity. Creativity. Metrics. Watch this Hangout on Air to learn what our Sales Staffing team ...
See more
Todd Carlisle, staffing director for our business teams, knows to look for people who can ...
See more
We’ve grown a lot since our recruiting team made this video in 2007, but our ...
See more
When the Boston Globe named us the best company to work for in Boston among ...
See more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/teams/salesam/
Technology can transform the way companies interact with their customers, and our Sales Organization helps companies of all sizes to do just that. Whether you’re on a team working with Fortune 500 companies, small businesses or something in between, Sales Googlers apply their extensive knowledge of online media and leverage their relationships to help businesses and revenue grow. Teams of account managers, executives, strategists, coordinators and specialists specialize in different industries and regions to ensure that our ads reach the right users and that we’re giving our clients the best client service possible.
Speak Swedish or Danish? How about Norwegian or Finnish? Sweet. We love that.
At Google ...
See more
Coming to Google in Silicon Valley from DaimlerChrysler in Detroit was quite a shift, but ...
See more
We’ve helped revolutionize the advertising world. But really, we’re just getting started. Dennis Woodside shares ...
See more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/teams/prodcs/
Focus on the user and all else will follow. This is the mantra for all of Google, but especially for the Google gurus who make up our Product and Customer Support teams. Comprised of product experts and user champions, teams of account managers, strategists, coordinators and customer support specialists create the product solutions for businesses of all ages and sizes. These teams not only turn product innovations into client solutions, but they also collect user feedback and then share it with our Product, Marketing, Legal and Engineering teams. All in the name of improving user experience and fueling innovation.
We’ve helped revolutionize the advertising world. But really, we’re just getting started. Dennis Woodside shares ...
See more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/teams/client-facing/technical-sales/
Google's gTech organization is a technology group dedicated to developing and managing the company's largest and most strategic partnerships. This team creates solutions for organizations that not only represent outstanding revenue opportunities, but that are also strategically important for taking new, world-shaping technologies to market. The gTech team also serves as the primary point of contact supporting our sales organization across all products. We provide tools that allow our sales teams to generate revenue and partner with them in multi-solution selling.
On Google for Work's Cloud Platform team, we help customers around ...
See more
Google software engineers are more than just the sum of their parts, and no one ...
See more
A long time ago at Google, we started working very hard to build the world’s ...
See more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/teams/client-facing/dev-rel/
Our global Developer Relations team are comprised of Googlers who are in love with the coolest new technology and thrive by connecting to other developers who share similar passions. This is the team behind all the rich, technical content on developers.google.com, as well as the people you’re likely to see speaking at Google I/O or might be following on Google+.
These teams are advocates for third party developers’ needs within Google and are passionate evangelists for Google technologies in the outside world. These are roles for engineers who love connecting with other developers and partners; people who enjoy teaching, speaking or writing about cutting-edge technologies; people who find it natural to engage with other developers on Google+ and other social media.
Our Developer Advocates work closely with third party developers who are building applications and businesses that showcase Google’s developer platforms. Our Developer Programs Engineers and Technical Writers grow and support the developer community, teaching and supporting developers around the world. They write API docs, sample apps, client libraries, tutorials and blog posts. They also participate in developer forums and support queues to help developers with coding problems encountered when using our APIs and other developer products. Developer Programs Managers run many of the global online and live programs and events that help this global organization scale, both in mature and emerging markets.
Google Developer Relations works with coders and companies to help them build brilliant apps on ...
See more
On Google for Work's Cloud Platform team, we help customers around ...
See more
A long time ago at Google, we started working very hard to build the world’s ...
See more

--URL: https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/careers/lifeatgoogle/developer-relations-build-brilliant-apps.html
Google Developer Relations works with coders and companies to help them build brilliant apps on open source and Google technologies. Our Developer Program Engineers and Developer Advocates spend their time talking to people building software about every aspect of their work and business. We help them succeed by answering coding questions, consulting on business practices, and presenting at Google I/O and other events. Watch the video to learn more about Google’s Developer Relations team.
On Google for Work's Cloud Platform team, we help customers around ...
See more
How do you define a word like "Googley"? Hear the answer directly from Googlers at ...
See more
A long time ago at Google, we started working very hard to build the world’s ...
See more

--URL: https://developers.google.com
Experience I/O around the world via I/O Extended. Learn more about organizing or attending events at events.google.com/io2015/offsite.
#io15extended

--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/
Last modified: February 25, 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/about/
Search volume around the world, visualized on the WebGL Globe
Ten things we know to be true
Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
More about our philosophy
Read up on our latest news, browse our blog directory, or choose to follow a number of Google+ pages for updates on various products and initiatives.
Learn more
Ever wondered what life at Google looks like or what benefits you might expect as a Googler? Search for a job at Google or check out one of our locations worldwide.
Learn more
Find out about investor news, financial information or corporate governance.
Learn more
Doodles are the fun, surprising and sometimes spontaneous changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries and the lives of famous artists, pioneers and scientists.
View all Doodles
Google Ventures is an independent venture capital fund financed by Google. With $300 million to invest each year, the team looks to find and invest in the most disruptive and interesting startup founders.
Learn more

--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/contact/
Having trouble with your Google account, Gmail, Docs or any other Google product?
Browse our help center
Browse popular help forum discussions »
If you know of a safety or abuse problem with any of Google's services, we'd like to hear about it right away.
Please use the options below to find and report the issue.
Easy-to-understand information about our products, policies and privacy principles
View the data associated with your Google account
Good to know – tips and advice for staying more secure on the web
Visit Webmaster Central – the fastest way to get help with increasing traffic to your site, and see your site's crawling, indexing and search traffic data.
Post a question to Webmaster Central forums »
Browse all Webmaster Central posts »
Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043 USA telephone: +1 650 253 0000 fax: +1 650 253 0001
View our other locations
Visit our careers site for information, or search our current jobs.
For press inquiries and media resources, visit News from Google.

--URL: http://support.google.com/faqs/answer/6151275
This page provides information for a user or an attorney seeking user data in a civil case in the U.S or outside of the U.S. If you are seeking user data related to a criminal case, you can read more about our policies and processes at the Transparency Report.
When Google receives requests for user data, we review them very carefully according to applicable state and federal laws. It’s Google’s policy to notify users before data is disclosed as set out here.
Google may be served by FedEx, UPS, certified mail or personal service:
Google Inc. c/o Custodian of Records 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043
Google accepts subpoenas issued from the Santa Clara Superior Court or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. Google is unable to accept service by email, fax, or regular mail.
Requests must specifically name the product/service and identify the accounts by email address or other appropriate unique identifier. Requests to identify users by real names or IP addresses may be declined.
For requests from outside the U.S., Google Inc. can be reached at:
Google Inc. c/o Custodian of Records 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 United States of America
*To avoid delays, please provide an email address to which we can respond.
If you are a user seeking your own data, Google Dashboard (www.google.com/dashboard) provides a summary of information associated with your account.
Additionally, you can use Google Takeout (www.google.com/takeout) to download data stored within your account.

--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/permissions/
All of our brand features are protected by applicable trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws. If you would like to use any of our brand features on your website, in an ad, in an article or book, or reproduce them anywhere else, or in any other medium, you may need to receive permission from Google first.
On this site, you will find an overview of our basic trademark guidelines and information about how to get permission for some of the most common use cases. These include:
If you would like permission to use screenshots or brand features for other Google products, please check out the product-specific guidelines below.
Still can't find what you're looking for? Read our FAQ.

--URL: http://www.google.com/permissions/faq.html
Over the years, we've collected some of your most commonly asked questions about using our brand. Check it out, and if we still haven't answered your question, you can fill out the form at the bottom of the page.
We typically do not approve the use of our logo for events we sponsor. If you're working with us on an event, work with your Google contact to obtain permission for an exception to this policy.
Yes, you may include Google on your in-kind donor list and you may publish our logo on your site. We also have a standard statement that you can use to acknowledge your grant:
[Organization name] is a recipient of a Google Grants award. The Google Grants program supports registered nonprofit organizations that share Google's philosophy of community service to help the world in areas such as science and technology, education, global public health, the environment, youth advocacy and the arts. Google Grants is an in-kind advertising program that awards free online advertising to nonprofits via Google AdWords.
If you're a Google Certified Partner of any of our Partner Programs, you may use your GCP badge on your site and other marketing material, but we cannot give you permission to use the logo. Please use your badge instead (it's got the logo anyway!).
Unfortunately, since we don't have a way to evaluate your knowledge about Google, we can't allow you to use our logo. However, we encourage you to participate in any one of our certification programs. Upon completion, we award you with a Partner badge to place on your site that lets potential customers know that you are in fact a pro with Google products.
Yes you do need permission in order to use it. However Google does not own the images found via Google Search. You must contact the owner of the image (typically whoever first posted the image on the web) and obtain his/her permission in order to use it.
We can't share user information as that would be a violation of our privacy agreements with our users. We suggest looking on the site in question for a way to contact the site's webmaster.
You don't need our permission when you want to use a standard, unaltered Google screenshot (an image of our homepage, a main product page, or search results page) in print or digital formats for an instructive or illustrative purpose. This uses must be unaltered: you can't superimpose graphics, photos, or ad copy on the screenshot or change the look of the screen-captured image in any other way. Outside of screenshots, you do need to obtain our permission to use the Google logo.
You cannot use the logo on the cover of a publicly-available book or publication without our permission. Please submit a request and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
A trademark is a word, name, symbol or device (or a combination thereof) that identifies the goods or services of a person or company and distinguishes them from the goods and services of others. A trademark assures consumers of consistent quality with respect to those goods or services and aids in their promotion. Read a list of Google's trademarks.
Rights to a trademark can survive indefinitely if an owner continues to use a mark to identify its goods and services. If trademarks are not used properly, they may become weak or lapse-putting one of the company's most important assets at risk. Rights may be lost not only by a trademark owner's improper use of its mark, but also by improper use of the mark by third parties or the public. Please use Google's trademarks consistent with the Rules for Proper Usage.
You will need to contact the trademark owner for permission. For more details, please review our Adwords Trademarks Policy.
We cannot approve any company names or application names that incorporate a Google trademark, or that are confusingly similar to Google's trademarks. If you state that your product is compatible with a Google product, the product must actually be compatible with that Google product. Any notice that your product is compatible with a Google product should be made in a referential matter using phrases such as "for" or "compatible with" or "for use with." If reference is made to a Google trademark in connection with your logo, your logo must be larger than the Google trademark. The first instance of the Google trademark should contain the TM symbol. Examples: "XYZ software for Android™" or "ABC plug-in for Google Chrome™".
Thanks for looking out for us! You can let us know about the violation here.
Please take the time to thoroughly read the guidelines before submitting a formal brand request. Due to the high volume of requests, we can't guarantee we'll get to your request, but we will do our best to get to you as soon as possible. We appreciate your understanding.

--URL: http://services.google.com/fb/forms/permissionsbranden/

Please submit your requests in English - that is the only way we can review them at this time. Due to the great number of brand permission inquiries we get, it usually takes 2 - 4 weeks for us to respond to your request, so please plan accordingly.
If your request relates to geographic imagery from Google Maps or Google Earth, please do not use this submission form. Instead, please review the instructions at the Google Maps/Earth Permissions page.
If your request relates to Google brand features in film or tv productions, please do not use this submission form. Instead, please review the instructions at the Commercial, Film, and TV Permissions page.
…
Please note that we can only give you permission to use the Google Brand Features. We cannot give you permission to use any brand features belonging to third parties.

Please limit your response to 400 characters or less.
I have reviewed the Google Brand Features Guidelines and Google Brand Features Terms and Conditions, which are hereby incorporated by reference. On behalf of my organization I agree that these guidelines and terms will exclusively govern our use of Google brand features subsequent to this request.
Google Privacy Policy


--URL: http://www.google.com/privacy.html
Last modified: February 25, 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/voice/
Google Voice stores, processes and maintains your call history (including calling party phone number, called party phone number, date, time and duration of call), voicemail greeting(s), voicemail messages, Short Message Service (SMS) messages, recorded conversations, and other data related to your account in order to provide the service to you.
You may organize or delete your call history, voicemail greeting(s), voicemail messages (both audio and/or transcriptions), Short Message Service (SMS) messages, and recorded conversations through your Google Voice account. Such deletions will take immediate effect in your account view, except that your inbox and call history for billable calls will remain visible on your account. Residual copies of deleted data and accounts, except call record information, may take up to 90 days to be deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. Anonymized copies of call record information, with no personally identifiable information, will be retained in our systems to meet our reporting and auditing requirements.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/wallet/
Google uses the credit card and debit card numbers you enter into your Google Wallet account to process payments for the online or offline purchases you make using Google Wallet, including Google Play transactions, and for fraud monitoring purposes. The Google Wallet Privacy Notice provides detailed information about how we use Google Wallet account information, including the information we collect and how we share it. We only share personal information with third parties in the circumstances described in the Wallet Privacy Notice. The credit card and debit card numbers you enter into your Google Wallet account are encrypted and stored on secure servers in a secure location.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/location-data/
Different types of location information may be used in various Google products.
Implicit location information is information that does not actually tell us where your device is located, but allows us to infer that you are either interested in the place or that you might be at the place. An example of implicit location information would be a manually typed search query for a particular place. Implicit location information is used in a variety of ways. For example, if you type in “Eiffel Tower”, we infer that you may like to see information for places near Paris, and we can then use that to provide recommendations about those local places to you.
Internet traffic information, such as IP address, is usually assigned in country-based blocks, so it can be used to at least identify the country of your device, and do things such as to provide you with the correct language and locale for search queries. This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic.
Some products, such as turn-by-turn navigation in Google Maps for mobile, use more precise location information. For these products, you typically have to choose to turn on device-based location services, which are services that use information such as GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location. You can subsequently choose to turn the device-based location services off. Certain devices and/or applications might also offer you additional location control settings for these device-based location services. For example, in some products, you can choose whether to store these locations in that product or account’s history.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: http://www.google.com/safetycenter/families/start/
As a parent or guardian, you know what feels right for your family and how your kids learn best. To help your family navigate through new technologies, gadgets, and services in an ever-changing online world, it helps to get practical advice. That’s why we continuously talk to safety experts, parents, educators and communities around the world – to keep a pulse on what works. Together, we can help nurture a community of responsible digital citizens.
For busy parents, get some quick suggestions for how to help keep your family safe online.
Read more
Find a few simple online security tips to help you and your family stay safe online.
Read more
Learn about how to talk to your family about mobile devices.
Read more
Minors can remove content or information they post on Google's sites, services, or applications by following the instructions and accessing the removal options provided on the site, service, or application itself. (But you should know that such removal of content or information may not be complete or comprehensive, such as when the content or information has been reposted by a third party.)
Discover the Top 5 Google safety features designed to help you keep your family safe online.
By enabling SafeSearch, you can filter out most of the mature content that you or your family may prefer to avoid. If an inappropriate result does sneak through, you can report it to Google. We're always working to improve our content filters, and this kind of feedback can help us make SafeSearch better for everyone.
Learn more
Visit the Search Settings page at www.google.com/preferences.
Check the box next to “Filter explicit results”.
Hit the “save” button at the bottom of the page.
You can click “Lock SafeSearch” to help prevent others from changing your setting. You will be asked to enter your password.
If you’d prefer to not to see mature or age-restricted content as you browse YouTube, scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and enable Safety Mode. Safety Mode helps filter out potentially objectionable content from search, related videos, playlists, shows, and films.
Learn more
Scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and click the drop-down menu in the “Safety” section.
Select the On or Off option to enable or disable Safety Mode.
To lock this setting, sign in to your Google Account.
Once you're signed in, you will have the option to lock this setting.
If you want to control which sites your family can visit on the Internet you can use Supervised Users in Google Chrome. With Supervised Users you can see the pages your user has visited and block the sites you don't want your user to see.
Learn more
To set up a supervised user on your Chromebook, start on the main sign-in screen and click Add user.
On the right hand side of the screen, select Create a supervised user.
Click Create a supervised user.
Log in to the account that will manage the supervised user and click Next.
Select a username, password, and picture for the supervised user. Click Next.
Want to share your tablet without sharing all your stuff? On Android tablets running 4.3 and higher, you can create restricted profiles that limit the access that other users have to features and content on your tablet.
Learn more
If you’re the tablet owner, touch Settings → Users → Add user or profile.
Touch Restricted profile → New profile, then name the profile.
Use the ON/OFF switches and settings to manage access to features, settings, and apps.
Press the Power button to return to the lock screen, then touch the new profile icon.
Once it's all set up, the Home screen is empty. Touch the All Apps icon to get started with the new profile.
Just like at the movies, you can decide which Google Play apps are appropriate for your family by looking at the ratings: everyone, low maturity, medium maturity, or high maturity. You can filter apps by level, and also lock the filtering level with a simple PIN code (keeping other users from accidentally disabling the filter).
Learn more
Open the Google Play Store app on your device.
Touch the Play Store icon → Settings.
Under “User controls”, select Content filtering.
Choose the filter that's right for your family. Ratings range from “Everyone” to “High Maturity”.
Touch OK. Then, create and enter a PIN to help prevent unwanted changes to your filter settings.
See more safety tools

--URL: https://www.google.com/safetycenter/families/start/mobile/
Before you give your teen a mobile device like a tablet or phone—or let them play with yours—talk to them about the kinds of sites they’re allowed to visit and what’s OK to share online. Teach them why it’s important to lock their devices with a password in case their phones are lost or stolen. (On Android devices, you can lock the screen with a PIN, a pattern, or even your face!).



Discover the Top 5 Google safety features designed to help you keep your family safe online.
By enabling SafeSearch, you can filter out most of the mature content that you or your family may prefer to avoid. If an inappropriate result does sneak through, you can report it to Google. We're always working to improve our content filters, and this kind of feedback can help us make SafeSearch better for everyone.
Learn more
Visit the Search Settings page at www.google.com/preferences.
Check the box next to “Filter explicit results”.
Hit the “save” button at the bottom of the page.
You can click “Lock SafeSearch” to help prevent others from changing your setting. You will be asked to enter your password.
If you’d prefer to not to see mature or age-restricted content as you browse YouTube, scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and enable Safety Mode. Safety Mode helps filter out potentially objectionable content from search, related videos, playlists, shows, and films.
Learn more
Scroll to the bottom of any YouTube page and click the drop-down menu in the “Safety” section.
Select the On or Off option to enable or disable Safety Mode.
To lock this setting, sign in to your Google Account.
Once you're signed in, you will have the option to lock this setting.
You can't always be there to supervise your family's Web activity. For the times you're not in the room with them, there's Supervised User for Google Chrome. When this feature is enabled, you can review a history of pages the user have visited, allow or block certain sites, and manage which websites that your family member can view.
Learn more
To set up a supervised user on your Chromebook, start on the main sign-in screen and click Add user.
On the right hand side of the screen, select Create a supervised user.
Click Create a supervised user.
Log in to the account that will manage the supervised user and click Next.
Select a username, password, and picture for the supervised user. Click Next.
Want to share your tablet without sharing all your stuff? On Android tablets running 4.3 and higher, you can create restricted profiles that limit the access that other users have to features and content on your tablet.
Learn more
If you’re the tablet owner, touch Settings → Users → Add user or profile.
Touch Restricted profile then New profile to name the profile.
Use the ON/OFF toggles and Settings to grant access to features, settings and apps.
Press the Power button to return to the lock screen, then touch the new profile icon.
Once it's all set up, the Home screen is empty. Touch the All Apps icon to get started with the new profile.
Just like at the movies, you can decide which Google Play apps are appropriate for your family by looking at the ratings: everyone, low maturity, medium maturity, or high maturity. You can filter apps by level, and also lock the filtering level with a simple PIN code (keeping other users from accidentally disabling the filter).
Learn more
Open the Google Play Store app from your device.
Touch Menu Menu → Settings (depending on your device, your Menu icon may look different).
Under “User controls”, select Content filtering.
Choose the filter that's right for your family. Ratings range from “Everyone” to “High Maturity”.
Touch OK. Then, create and enter a PIN to help prevent unwanted changes to your filter settings.
See more safety tools


--URL: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1075738
Find information about phone, tablet, and other device orders at the new Google Store help center.
You can set up filters to control what types of apps can be downloaded on your device. Apps are rated by the maturity levels listed below.
To set up content filtering:
Tip: You can also set up password protection to help prevent accidental or unwanted purchases.
Shana is a Google Play expert and author of this help page. Help her improve this article by leaving feedback below.

Learn how to download apps & enjoy digital content on Google Play!

To help us address your issue as quickly as possible, please sign in to your Google Account.
Can't access your account?

--URL: https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery










--URL: https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery/










--URL: http://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
December 10 2014
Applicable Terms. Thanks for using Google Play. Google Play is a service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”, “we” or “us”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View California 94043, USA, and is subject to the Google Terms of Service ("Google ToS"). Google Play is a “Service” as defined in the Google ToS, and these Google Play Terms of Service are additional terms which apply to the use of Google Play. Your use of Google Play and the digital content available on it is subject to these Google Play Terms of Service and the Google ToS (which together we refer to as the “Terms”). Separate terms here apply to sales of devices from the Google Play store (where available).
If there is any conflict between the Google Play Terms of Service and the Google ToS, the Google Play Terms of Service shall prevail.
Your use of the Google Play store requires that you agree to the following terms. Please read them carefully. If you do not understand the Terms, or do not accept any part of them, then you should not use the Google Play store.
Direct, Agency and App Sales. When you buy Content (defined as data files, applications, written text, mobile device software, music, audio files or other sounds, photographs, videos or other images) on Google Play you will buy it either:
(a) directly from Google (a “Direct Sale”);
(b) from the provider of the Content (the “Provider”), where Google is acting as an agent for the Provider (an “Agency Sale”); or
(c) in the case of Android apps, from the Provider of the app (an “App Sale”).
Each time that you purchase Content, you enter into a separate sale contract:
(d) based on the Terms (as applicable) with Google (in the case of a Direct Sale);
(e) based on the Terms (as applicable) with the Provider of the Content you have purchased (in the case of Agency Sales); or
(f) with the Provider of the Content you have purchased (in the case of App Sales).
The separate sale contract in (e) or (f) above (as applicable) is in addition to your contract with Google Inc. for the use of the Service (i.e. these Google Play Terms of Service).
For Agency Sales the statement, in the Google ToS, that the Google ToS “do not create any third party beneficiary rights”, does not apply to your use of the Service.
Access to Content. You may use Google Play to browse, locate, and/or download Content) for your mobile, computer or other supported device (“Device”). The availability of Content will vary between countries and not all Content may be available in your country. Some of this Content may be offered by Google while others may be made available by third-parties not affiliated with Google. Google is not responsible for any Content on Google Play that originates from a source other than Google and does not endorse such content.
Age Restrictions. In order to use Google Play you must be 13 years of age or older. If you are 13 or older but under 18 years of age, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use Google Play and to accept the Terms. You must not access Google Play if you are a person who is either barred or otherwise legally prohibited from receiving or using the Service or any Content under the laws of the country in which you are resident or from which you access or use Google Play. You must comply with any additional age restrictions that might apply for the use of specific Content on Google Play.
Basic Use Requirements. To use the Service, you will need a Device that meets the system and compatibility requirements for the relevant Content, which may change from time to time, working Internet access, and compatible software. Your ability to use the Service and the performance of the Service may be affected by these factors. Such system requirements are your responsibility.
Third-Party Fees. You may incur access or data fees from third parties (such as your Internet provider or mobile carrier) in connection with your use of Content and Google Play. For instance, you may incur such fees if you use services provided through Google Play on or through third-party services or devices. You are responsible for all such fees.
Updates. You may need to install updates to Google Play or related Google software that we introduce from time to time to use Google Play and to access or download Content. Content originating from Google may communicate with Google servers from time to time to check for available updates to the Content and to the functionality of Google Play, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced functions, missing plug-ins and new versions (collectively, "Updates"). Your use of the Content you have installed requires that you have agreed to receive such automatically requested Updates. If you do not agree to such automatically requested and received Updates then please do not use the Google Play store or install this Content.
Information about You. In order to access certain services or Content on Google Play, you may be required to provide information about yourself such as your name, address, and billing details. The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, is shared between Google and its group companies to operate the Service. Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when using Google Play. Any such information you provide to Google must always be accurate, correct and up to date. Google may need to provide your personal information, such as your name and email address, to Providers for the purposes of processing your transactions and/or provisioning Content to you. Google has agreed with Providers that they will use this information in accordance with their privacy policies.
Unauthorised Access to Accounts. You must keep your user details secure and must not share them with anyone else. You must not collect or harvest any personal data of any user of Google Play or of any user of other Google Services via Google Play, including account names.
Disabled Accounts. If Google disables access to your account in accordance with the Terms (for example if you violate the Terms), you may be prevented from accessing Google Play, your account details or any files or other Content that is stored with your account. Please see section 6 below for your rights where you are not able to download Content before your account is disabled.
Malware protection. To protect you against the effects of malicious third party software, if you download and attempt to install an Android app onto a Device, the Device may send information about the app and its source to Google. Google will use the information to compare against a database of known malware to determine if the app is harmful or likely to be unsafe. Google may warn you if it considers the app to be unsafe, or block its installation on your device if it is known to Google to be harmful to devices, data or users. As part of this service, and to make it more effective, Google may also receive information, such as your Device ID, IP address, URL visited and one or more cookies. You can always choose to disable this malware protection by going to Settlings > Security on your device.
Free Content. Google may allow you to download or use Content free of charge. Any terms and conditions that apply to purchased Content will apply to free Content, except with respect to payment-related matters (for example, the refund-related provisions of these terms do not apply to such free Content). Google may impose limitations on your access and use of certain free Content.
Purchase of Content. Your contract for the purchase and use of Content is completed once you receive the email from Google confirming your purchase of that Content, and performance of this contract begins as soon as the purchase is complete.
Google Wallet. In order to purchase Content on Google Play, you must agree to the payment terms as specified in the Google Wallet Terms of Service. If you do not have a Google Wallet Account, you can set one up by going to this link, where you can also find more information about Google Wallet. The Wallet Terms of Service and Privacy Notice also apply whenever you want to purchase Content using Google Wallet. Please ensure that you read those terms carefully before making any purchase. Some purchases in Google Play will require you to transact with the product Provider directly. In these cases, to process your transaction and maintain your account, we may share your personal information with the product Provider, as permitted under the Wallet Privacy Notice.
Other Payment Processing Methods. Google may make available to you various payment processing methods in addition to Google Wallet to facilitate the purchase of Content on Google Play. You must abide by any relevant terms and conditions or other legal agreement, whether with Google or a third party, that governs your use of a given payment processing method. Google may add or remove payment processing methods at its sole discretion and without notice to you. Once your purchase is complete, Google or Google’s payment processor may charge your credit card or other form of payment that you indicate for any Content ordered, along with any additional applicable amounts (including any taxes). You are solely responsible for all amounts payable associated with purchases you make on Google Play.
Eligibility for Carrier Billing. In order to determine your eligibility to have purchases of Content that you make through your mobile Devices billed to your mobile network provider’s account, when you create a Google Play account on a Device we will send identifiers of your Device, subscriber ID and SIM card serial number to your network provider. To permit this you will need to accept the network provider’s terms of service. The network provider may send us your billing address information to help us create your Google Play account. We will hold and use this information in accordance with Google’s Privacy Policies.
Pricing. Pricing and availability of all Content displayed on Google Play are subject to change at any time before you click the button indicating that you want to purchase Content.
Taxes. You are responsible for any Taxes, and must pay for Content without any reduction for Taxes. If the seller of Content is obligated to collect or pay Taxes, the Taxes will be charged to you. "Taxes" means any duties, customs fees, or taxes (other than income tax) associated with the sale of Content, including any related penalties or interest.
Compliance with Tax Laws. You must comply with any and all applicable tax laws, including the reporting and payment of any taxes arising in connection with your use of Google Play or the purchase of Content through Google Play.  The reporting and payment of any such applicable taxes are your responsibility.
All Sales Final. Except as expressly set forth in the Terms or Google’s refund policies displayed in the Service, all sales are final, and no returns, replacements or refunds are permitted. If a replacement, return or refund is granted for any transaction, the transaction may be reversed, and you may no longer be able to access the Content that you acquired through that transaction. Your rights to withdraw, cancel or return purchases and get a refund are set out in the additional terms for the relevant Content type set out below and the refund policies displayed in the Service.
Pre-orders.
(a) When you place a pre-order for a Product, your contract for the purchase and use of that item is completed when the Product becomes available in your account and you will be charged for the purchase at that time. You can cancel your pre-order at any time up to the point at which the Product becomes available to you (if you want to cancel the pre-order you will be able to do so by visiting the “My Orders” page and following the instructions there).
(b) After the moment when the Product becomes available to you, you will not able to withdraw or cancel the pre-order and your cancellation and return rights are the same as for other Products that you purchase through Google Play. Please see the terms below for more information.
(c) We will need to cancel your pre-order if the Product is withdrawn from sale in the store before it is made available and we reserve the right to cancel your order in the event the price changes before your order is fulfilled.
Trials of Magazines News Content and Music. Subscribing to a free trial for a magazine or new content on Google Play Newsstand or for music (including as part of your purchase of a subscription for a magazine or music) gives you access to the subscription benefits for that magazine for free for a specified trial period. At the end of such trial period, you will be charged the price of the first period of the subscription and will continue to be charged until you cancel your subscription. To avoid being charged, you must cancel before the end of the trial period. If you cancel during the trial period you will retain access to the magazine issues that you access during a free trial period, but you will not retain access to news content or Music Subscription Content (as defined below) that you access during a free trial period unless you become a paid subscriber. Access to free trials may be limited to a certain number of free trials for each user during a given period. To avoid any charges, you must cancel before the end of the trial period; for more information on cancelling subscriptions, see the section titled ”Cancellations” below in this section 5.
Trials of Apps. Subscribing to a trial for an Android app gives you access to the subscription benefits for that app for free for a duration specified by the application developer. At the end of the trial period, you will be charged the price of the first period of the subscription and will continue to be charged until you cancel your subscription. To avoid being charged, you must cancel before the end of the trial period. Once you cancel your trial, you will immediately lose access to the relevant app and any subscription privileges.
Cancellations. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription (whether monthly, annual or another period) to Content, you may cancel that subscription at any time before the end of the applicable billing cycle, and the cancellation will apply to the next period.  For example, if you purchase a monthly subscription, you may cancel that subscription at any time during any month of the subscription, and the subscription will be cancelled as of the following month.  You will not receive a refund for the current billing period, except in the event of a defective product (as set forth in section 6 below), or as otherwise set forth in these Terms. With respect to magazine or news content subscriptions on Google Play Newsstand, you will continue to receive Content and updates (if applicable) of the relevant subscription during the remainder of the current billing period. After that billing period ends, your access to previously delivered magazine issues will not be affected by the cancellation, but your access to paid news content will terminate at the end of the billing period during which your subscription is cancelled.  With respect to music subscriptions, you will continue to have access to Music Subscription Content (as defined in Section 5 below) during the remainder of the current billing period; however, your access to Music Subscription Content will terminate at the end of the billing period during which your subscription is cancelled. Additional refund policies for music and periodicals are set out in sections 7 and 10 below, respectively.
Price Changes. When you purchase a subscription, you will initially be charged at the rate applicable at the time of your agreement to subscribe.  If the price of the subscription increases later, Google will notify you.  The increase will apply to the next payment due from you after the notice, provided that you have been given at least 10 days' prior notice before the charge is made.  If you are given less than 10 days' prior notice, the price increase will not apply until the payment after the next payment due.
Declining Price Changes. If you do not wish to pay the increased price for a subscription, you may cancel the subscription in the manner described in the Google Play help center and you will not be charged further amounts for the subscription, provided you have notified us before the end of the current billing period. In some cases where the Provider increases the price of a subscription Google may cancel your subscription unless you agree to re-subscribe at the new price. If your subscription is cancelled and you later decide to re-subscribe, you will initially be charged at the then current subscription rate.
License to Use Content. Following payment of the applicable fees for Content, you will have the non-exclusive right, for the period selected by you in the case of a purchase for a rental period, and in other cases for as long as Google and the applicable copyright holder have rights to provide you that Content, to download or stream, in each case, solely as expressly permitted by Google via the Google Play user interface and subject to the restrictions set forth in the Terms and associated policies, copies of the applicable Content to your Devices, and to view, use, and display the Content on your Devices or as otherwise authorized by Google as part of the Service for your personal, non-commercial use only.  All rights, title and interest in Google Play and Content not expressly granted to you in the Terms are reserved by Google and its licensors.
Violation of License Terms. If you violate any of the terms and conditions of the Terms, your rights under this license will immediately terminate and Google may terminate your access to Google Play, the Content and/or your Google account without refund to you.
No Public Performance. You must not display (in part or in whole) the Content as part of any public performance or display even if no fee is charged (except where such use would not constitute a copyright infringement or violate any other applicable right). Use of a tool or feature provided as an authorized part of Google Play (for example, “Social Recommendations”, as defined in the Music terms below) is permitted, provided that as you use the tool or feature as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by Google.
Sale, Distribution or Assignment to Third Parties. You may not sell, rent, lease, redistribute, broadcast, transmit, communicate, modify, sublicense or transfer or assign any Content or your rights to Content to any third party without authorization, including with regard to any downloads of Content that you may obtain through Google Play. Use of any tool or feature provided as an authorized part of Google Play (for example, “Social Recommendations”) shall not violate this provision so long as you use the tool as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by Google.
Capturing of Streams. You may not use Google Play or any Content in conjunction with any stream-ripping, stream capture or similar software to record or create a copy of any Content that is presented to you in streaming format.
Sharing. You may not use Content as part of any service for sharing, lending or multi-person use, or for the purpose of any other institution, except as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by Google (for example, through “Social Recommendations”).
Security Features. You may not attempt to, nor assist, authorise or encourage others to circumvent, disable or defeat any of the security features or components, such as digital rights management software or encryption, that protect, obfuscate or otherwise restrict access to any Content or Google Play. If you violate any security feature, you may incur civil or criminal liability.
Proprietary Notices. You may not remove any watermarks, labels or other legal or proprietary notices included in any Content, and you may not attempt to modify any Content obtained through Google Play, including any modification for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of Content.
Use of Android Apps. You must use apps from Google Play in accordance with the Google Play Business and Program Policies which are in place from time to time, the current version of which can be found at http://play.google.com/about/android-developer-policies.html
Defective Content. Once Content is available to you through your account, you should check the Content as soon as reasonably possible to ensure that it downloads or streams correctly (as applicable) and performs as stated, and notify us as soon as reasonably possible if you find any errors or defect. In the case of Android apps, you should contact the developer concerning any defects or performance issues in the apps, as described in the Google Play help center. In the case of Content other than apps, subject to any limitations in the additional terms for the specific Content below, you may cancel purchases you have made from Google Play to Google if Google Play does not perform as stated with respect to that purchased Content, and Google will provide either a replacement Content (if available) or a refund of the purchase price.  If Google provides you a refund, the refund of your purchase price shall be your sole remedy.    If Google issues a refund or credit, it is under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. In the case of subscription purchases, Google may grant a refund for the entire term or a partial refund for issues not received in the remaining term of subscription.
Removal or Unavailability of Content. Subject to the Terms, Content that you purchase will be available to you through Google Play for the period selected by you, in the case of a purchase for a rental period, and in other cases as long as Google has the right to make such content available to you. In certain cases (for example, if Google loses the relevant rights, discontinues a service or Content is discontinued, breaches applicable terms or the law), Google may remove from your Device or cease providing you with access to certain Content that you have purchased.   Google will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any such removal or cessation. If you are not able to download a copy of the Content before such removal or cessation, then Google will offer you either (a) a replacement of the Content if possible or (b) a refund of the price of the Content.  If Google issues you a refund, the refund of your purchase price shall be your sole remedy.
Effect of Refunds. If a refund of the purchase price of Content for any reason is issued to you, you will no longer have the right to access the relevant Content.
Select, Copy and Paste. Select, copy and paste functions may be available for some text-based Content, and you must use these features within the prescribed limits and only for personal non-commercial purposes.
Multiple Accounts. If you have multiple Google accounts with different user names, in some cases you may transfer Content out of an account and into another account, provided you are the owner of each such account and provided Google has enabled a feature of the relevant service allowing such transfers.
Limits on access on Devices. Google may from time to time place limits on the number of Devices and/or software applications you may use to access Content (for more information, please visit the Help link for the relevant Content within Google Play). Google may record and store the unique device identifier numbers of your Devices in order to enforce such limits.
Dangerous Activities. None of the Services or Content are intended for use in the operation of nuclear facilities, life support systems, emergency communications, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control systems, or any other such activities in which case the failure of the Services or Content could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage.
Changes to these Terms.
If the Terms change, you will be asked to accept new terms before you next purchase Content. Once you have accepted the new terms, they will apply to your use of all Content (including Content you have purchased in the past) and all subsequent purchases, until we notify you of further changes.
If you refuse to accept the updated terms then you will not be able to buy any further Content through Google Play, and the latest version of the Terms that you accepted will continue to apply to your use of Content.  In this case we will, if we are able to do so, give you a reasonable period of time in which to download a copy of any Content you have previously bought from Google Play to your Device, and you may continue to view that copy of the Content on your Devices in accordance with the last version of the Terms that you accepted.
After that time has expired, you will not be given a further opportunity to download the Content you have previously bought and it is possible that you will no longer be able to use Google Play to access or use the Content you have already bought or related support services. If this happens, Google will offer you either a replacement of the Content, or a refund of the price of the Content, which will be your sole remedy. To access or use the Content you have already bought or related support services, you may also need to create a new account.
Introduction. Google Play includes certain music-related products and services, which are described in greater detail below and defined as “Music Products”, “Music Subscription Content” and “Music Locker Services”.
Music Products; Music Subscription Content. The Google Play store allows you to browse, preview, stream, purchase, download, recommend and use a variety of digital music and music-related content such as music files, music video files, previews, clips, artist information, user reviews, professional third-party music reviews and other digital content (“Music Products”). Certain Music Products may be accessible to you by purchasing (or receiving a free trial of) a subscription to a music subscription service made available via Google Play (“Music Subscription Content”). Music Products may be owned by Google or its third-party partners and licensors and may contain watermarks or other embedded data. For clarity, all Music Products constitute “Products” as defined in Section 1 above.
Stored Content. You can use Google Play to store digital content (such as music files, related metadata and album art) in Music Storage through the Music Software, as each is defined below (“Stored Content”). For the avoidance of doubt, “Music Products” do not include Stored Content. Stored Content may include both files that you upload directly to Music Storage and/or files that Google “scans and matches” to files stored locally on your Device.
Music Locker Services. Google Play may provide you with access to (a) server space that you can use to store music and associated data files, including Music Products and Stored Content (“Music Storage”) and/or (b) software applications (including web, desktop and mobile applications) and related services that allow you to upload, manage, access and play music through Music Storage ("Music Software"). Music Storage and Music Software are collectively referred to in these Terms as the “Music Locker Service”. For clarity, you may be given access to Stored Content and Music Subscription Content through the same user interface.
Use of Music Locker Services. By storing Music Products and Stored Content in Music Storage, you are storing a unique copy of such content and requesting Google to retain it on your behalf and to make it accessible to you through your Google account. By using the Music Locker Services, you are requesting that Google make all of the necessary functions and features of the Music Locker Services available to you in order to facilitate your use of Music Products and Stored Content. Additionally, by accessing or using Music Products and Stored Content through the Music Software, you are initiating and performing the corresponding functions on Google's servers, together with any related steps necessary to achieve them, through the Music Locker Services. You understand that Google, in performing the required technical steps at your direction to provide you with the Music Locker Services, may (a) transmit Music Products and Stored Content over various networks and in various media and (b) make such changes to Music Products and Stored Content as are necessary to conform and adapt it to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. You confirm and warrant to Google that you have the necessary rights to store in Music Storage any Stored Content that you direct Google to upload or store in Music Storage, and to instruct Google to perform the actions described in this section.
Cancelling a Music Purchase; Refunds. You have the right to cancel each purchase of a Music Product from Google (including a music subscription) for a refund within 7 working days of the day after that Music Product becomes available for you to download or stream, provided that, with respect to music subscription free trials: (i) you may cancel your subscription at any time during a free trial period (as set forth in section 5 above) and (ii) you will not have the foregoing 7-day cancellation right once the paid portion of your subscription has commenced. Once you download or stream any Music Product that you purchase, you no longer have the right to cancel your purchase of that Music Product (unless the Music Product is defective). If Google grants to you a refund for a music subscription, the refund amount will be pro-rated to reflect remaining term of the subscription. Following Google’s provision of a refund to you, you will no longer have the right to access the applicable Music Product.
Other Google Subscription Services. You may receive access to a Google Play music subscription as part of a subscription to another Google product; additionally, you may receive access to other Google subscription products as part of a Google Play music subscription. The details of your access to such other Google subscription products will be presented to you before you complete your music subscription purchase. Your use of Google Play and any Google Play music subscription product is governed solely by these Terms, and not the terms of any other Google product, including any other Google product through which you receive access to a Google Play music subscription.
Social Recommendations. When you purchase Music Products, you may be given the opportunity to share all or a portion of the Music Products to your profile on Google+ or other Google-approved social networks or online destinations, as determined by Google in its sole discretion ("Social Recommendation"). Your use of Social Recommendations shall be subject to the Terms and any other terms and conditions applicable to the social networks or online destinations to which you share such Social Recommendations. Google may impose limitations on your Social Recommendations. For example, Google may render the Music Product associated with any Social Recommendation as a limited-length preview rather than a full-length play.
Rights to Stored Content. You retain any rights that you already hold in Stored Content. For the avoidance of doubt, Stored Content is not subject to the license grant to Google in the section of the Google Terms of Service titled “Your Content in our Services.”
Geographic Restrictions. The Music Locker Services and Music Products are currently available only in some countries. You agree that you will not present any false, inaccurate or misleading information in an effort to misrepresent yourself as a resident of a supported country, and you will not attempt to circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Music Locker Services or Music Products.
Compliance With Settings. You must observe and comply with any settings or parameters set by Google or a copyright holder in connection with Music Products. For example, Google or the copyright holders may correct errors in Music Products, add additional features or change the security features or regional availability of the Music Products. Where these changes are made, the Music Products may automatically update.
Third-Party Provisions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, the third parties who license their musical or other content to Google as Music Products or for other use in connection with the Google Play store (including Providers in the case of Agency Sales) are intended third party beneficiaries under these Terms solely with respect to the specific provisions of these Terms that directly concern their content (“Third-Party Provisions”), and solely for the purpose of enabling such third parties to enforce their rights in such content. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Terms confers a third-party beneficiary right upon any party, with respect to any provision that falls outside the Third Party Provisions, which includes but is not limited to any provisions or agreements incorporated by reference, or that may be referenced without incorporation, in these Terms.
Third-Party Software and Data. Information regarding third-party software (including open source) and data in the Music Locker Services can be obtained at the following location: http://music.google.com/about/thirdparty.html.
Licensing Partners. If you are interested in learning more about some of the partners we work with to bring you music on Google Play, please visit this page.
Privacy Policy for Books. The Google Play Privacy Policy for Books describes how we treat personal and certain other information generated by your use of Content that is books (“Books Content”).
Device Requirements. For information on the system requirements including what Devices are compatible with the Service and the purchase of and access to Books Content, please look at http://support.google.com/mobile/?p=books_devices.
Updates to Books Content. Google or the copyright holders of Books Content may update such Books Content and change digital rights settings for such Books Content from time to time. For example Google or the copyright holders may correct errors in the Books Content or may add additional features, or may change the security features for the Books Content. Where these changes are made the Books Content that you see will automatically update, except where you have downloaded a copy of the Books Content to a Device.
Cancellation. In addition to your rights to cancel if you have a defective Product, as set out in section 6, you have the right to cancel the contract for each purchase or rental of a Book Content from Google for a refund within a period of 7 working days beginning with the day after that Book Content becomes available for you to read, except for rentals of Books Content for a 24-hour period, to which the cancellation right does not apply. Following Google’s provision of a refund to you, the transaction will be reversed, and you will no longer have the right to access the applicable Book Content.
Additional Restrictions. The sale of Books does not provide any promotional use rights in any Book.
Introduction. Google Play includes certain video services, which are defined as the “Video Services”. In the Terms, Content made available for purchase through the Video Services are “Video Content”.
Cancellation. You can cancel your purchase of unwatched Video Content and get a refund of the purchase price within 7 working days of your purchase. Requests for refunds for any other reason must be directed through the form in the Google Play help center. Google reserves the right to approve or deny refund requests after 7 working days at its sole discretion.
Purchase Options. When you order Video Content through the Service, you may either (i) rent the Video Content for viewing an unlimited number of times during the period of time specified on the transaction page displayed at the time of your payment ("Viewing Period") and noted in your confirmation email (“Rental Video Content”) or (ii) where available, purchase the Video Content for storage in a digital locker and for viewing and unlimited number of times as long as the Video Content is available in the digital locker (“Locker Video Content”).
Viewing Periods - Rentals. Pausing, stopping, or rewinding a Rental Video Content will not extend your applicable Viewing Period for that Rental Video Content. Each item of Rental Video Content may have a different Viewing Period and the Viewing Period will be shown to you before you order it.
Viewing Periods - Purchases. Each Locker Video Content will be available for unlimited viewing for as long as Google is able to maintain the rights to continue providing you that Locker Video Content (“Locker Period”). Pausing, stopping, or rewinding an item of Locker Video Content will not extend the Locker Period. Each item of Locker Pay Content may have a different Locker Period.
Viewing requirements. You agree to watch each Video Content only within territories within which Google makes the relevant Video Content available for viewing. You may view Video Content when (1) online, with an internet connection and logged onto your Google account or (2) offline and viewing from a previously authorized device. You must be online to authorize a device for viewing Video Content.
Device Limits - Rentals. For each purchased Rental Video Content, you may watch such Rental Video Content on only one Device at a time (either online or on an authorized offline Device).
Viewing Limits - Purchases. For Locker Video Content, (1) you may view only one stream of each Locker Video Content at a time, (2) you may view up to 3 streams of Locker Video Content from your locker at a time, (3) you may authorize up to 5 Devices for offline playback of Locker Video Content at a time and to authorize additional devices, you must de-authorize one of those 5 Devices, (4) you may only authorize the same Device three times in any 12 month period and de-authorize the same Device twice in any 12 month period, (5) you may only de-authorize a total of 2 Devices for offline playback every 90 days, and (6) you may authorize no more than 3 Google accounts on the same Device.
This section applies to sales of periodicals (magazines and news content) on Google Play Newsstand, and not to periodical content provided within other Android apps.
Reductions for Print Subscribers. Some Providers of periodicals may allow you to purchase a subscription of periodical Content on Google Play at a reduced rate if you are already a print subscriber.  If you cancel your print subscription or that periodical or your print subscription expires and you do not renew it, your reduced rate subscription of that Content on Google Play will be cancelled automatically.
Refunds.  Where you are granted a refund, Google may issue a refund for the entire term or grant a partial refund for Content not received in the remaining term of a subscription.  Following Google’s provision of a refund to you, you will no longer have the right to access the applicable issues of the relevant periodical Content delivered during the refunded period, or if a partial refund is given, any Content of the relevant periodical not yet received.    If periodical Content is no longer available on Google Play (for example, if a title goes out of business or is sold to another publisher that does not provide periodicals on Google Play), Google will give you a refund (which may be a full refund for the current period of the subscription or a partial refund for Content not yet received in the current period).
Information Google Shares with Periodical Publishers. If you purchase a periodical subscription of any length on Google Play, Google may share your name, email address, mailing address and a unique identifier with the periodical’s publisher.  As a subscriber to the periodical, Google may also share your reading history within the periodical with the publisher of that periodical. Google has agreed with the periodical publisher that the periodical publisher will use this information in accordance with the publisher’s privacy policy. You will be provided the opportunity to opt out of any communications from the publisher that do not relate to the subscription you are purchasing, and to opt out of marketing communications from third parties, at the time you purchase your subscription.  If you purchase a single issue of a magazine on Google Play, Google may provide your postal code to the magazine’s publisher.  We also provide periodical publishers with sales information on periodical purchases.
Verifying Print Subscriptions. If you are accessing a subscription on Google Play Newsstand through an existing print subscription from that periodical’s publisher, we may ask a third party service provider to verify your print subscription with the periodical publisher, and we may ask you for certain information relating to your print subscription in order to do so.   Google will use this information in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy.
Cancellation. In addition to your rights to cancel if you have a defective Product, as set out in section 6, please see section 5 for your right of cancellation in relation to periodical subscriptions.


--URL: http://www.google.com
© 2015 - Privacy - Terms

--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/about.html
Search volume around the world, visualized on the WebGL Globe
Ten things we know to be true
Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
More about our philosophy
Read up on our latest news, browse our blog directory, or choose to follow a number of Google+ pages for updates on various products and initiatives.
Learn more
Ever wondered what life at Google looks like or what benefits you might expect as a Googler? Search for a job at Google or check out one of our locations worldwide.
Learn more
Find out about investor news, financial information or corporate governance.
Learn more
Doodles are the fun, surprising and sometimes spontaneous changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries and the lives of famous artists, pioneers and scientists.
View all Doodles
Google Ventures is an independent venture capital fund financed by Google. With $300 million to invest each year, the team looks to find and invest in the most disruptive and interesting startup founders.
Learn more

--URL: http://www.google.com/services/
Google My Business connects you directly with customers on Search, Maps, and Google+.
Make it easy for customers to find you on Google and YouTube.
Show ads to customers when they’re searching for what you offer.
Stay connected with custom email, shared calendars, and video meetings.
Earn money by displaying ads alongside your content.

--URL: https://g.co/gbc

--URL: http://goo.gl/r9lYwZ

--URL: http://bit.ly/1IJhIMM
Log in
Sign up|
Sample Business Plans
Business Plan Guide
How to Fund Your Business
How to Pitch and Get Funded
Find a Small Business Loan
How to Start a Business
Startup Guide
How to Manage a Business
Sales & Marketing
Forum
Business Terms Glossary
Write your business plan with the #1 online business planning tool
Online Business Plan Software
Business Plan Software for Windows
Tools to Create a Business Plan
Bplans Blog
Tim Berry's Blog
Do you have an early-stage startup? Your business might need a safe place to come out of its shell.
A business in its early stages can often use a leg up, whether in the form of wise words from a mentor or an introduction to a strategic partner. When you’re first starting out, you may not know who to connect with, or indeed how to do it. This is where incubators come in.
Incubators were designed to fill the gap between knowledge and connections. Most of the time, a new business just doesn’t have the know-how or the network that an established business would. Oftentimes, this knowledge and the connections are the things that can help guide a company down the right path. However, a lack of knowledge or connections does not necessarily mean a business will not be successful; it means that the business needs to join a community where their questions can be answered and where they can meet the right people. Incubators provide that very important sense of community.
Today, incubators and accelerators are both popular topics, especially for technology startups. They’re similar concepts, though they aren’t the same. To understand the difference, it’s perhaps easiest to begin by looking at their names.
The word incubator usually describes a place in which eggs can safely hatch, or where premature babies can reach independent viability. It’s a safe place to get started. In business, it’s an office community where a startup can get its footing; a shared workspace with mentors and advisors that allows a company to formulate its basic ideas, mission, and plan.
According to The Guardian, “The terms business accelerator and incubator are used interchangeably and the distinction is vague, but broadly speaking accelerators offer funding and incubators mainly mentoring.”
Businesses typically join an accelerator for a shorter period of time than an incubator, and to work out specific kinks in their process, almost like setting up shop with a team of management consultants.
Now that we’ve covered what an incubator is, let’s go over the details of how a startup can benefit from participating in one.
Joe Maruschak was kind enough to talk with me about his perspective on what incubators are “all about,” if you should join one (spoiler alert: you should), and how to put your best foot forward (hint: it’s not by being arrogant). He co-founded and is on the board of Fertilab Thinkubator, an incubator with a biotech focus.
We founded an incubator called the FertiLab Thinkubator in Eugene, based on our perception that people in the community didn’t know where to go to get information about doing startups. “I don’t have a business yet. I just have an idea that I’m interested or intrigued in startups. Where do we go?”
We started the incubator to be an easy point of entry, a place where people can go and say, “What’s this all about? Where can I just see and interact in a place that’s comfortable?” Then, there are the actual companies that need a place to go to. These are very, very, very early-stage companies.
The companies we like to bring into the incubator are the ones that get rejected by everyone because they say, “Where’s your business plan? You need your business plan. I’m sorry. If it doesn’t exist, you’re not ready.” What they’re not ready for is a more sophisticated investment or a more sophisticated approach. What they need to do is have a place to get ready. Our incubator is a place to get ready.
Oftentimes, it’s just talking with them to explain what a business plan is, how it works and what people want to see in a business plan; teach them the language of talking business so when they’re talking to business people they can speak the language and answer the questions.
They don’t know what they don’t know.
Really, anybody who needs a safe place to develop a component of their business should be in some sort of incubator for a certain period of time. They should get out of that incubator once they’ve passed that stage. That’s the big challenge of incubators. You need to leave because the reason you’re in the incubator is to be in a safe place.
Business is not a safe thing. You don’t move your business forward unless you’re interacting with the world.
They’re usually in product-based or idea-based businesses that are high-growth or a good fit for an incubator because the business model is not that clear, or the technology is not developed yet.
Usually, the director of an incubator will have a list of contacts, this large Rolodex. The most important person there is the executive director, or someone who is on staff who has enough knowledge about what the problems are, and a deep enough Rolodex to get that person an introduction to someone who has the main specific knowledge to solve their problem.
Then, there are mentors that volunteer. These are people, volunteers from the community, that want to give back. That’s what they do. The challenge is matching the right mentor with the resource need.
If you’re looking for an incubator, you should be really paying attention to who the executive director is because so much is based on their contacts.
You’re going into a small community. The community is made of people that are going to be supporting you. If you have nothing in common with those people, you’re not going to get a lot out of it.
I would actually talk to people that have been through that incubator to see what their experience was, because not all programs are right for all people. If their company is similar to yours and their experience was a mismatch, your experience is probably going to be a mismatch. If their company is not very similar to yours, their experience mismatch may tell you nothing.
Early-stage companies don’t know what they need. Going there and saying, “I don’t know what I’m doing. Can you help me?” is better than not going.
It’s about contacts and resources. That’s how they benefit the most. And of course from learning what they don’t know.
The value that you get out of that is in the unintended. The unexpected collisions that you get when you’re there. You just run into someone and start having a conversation. You find out they could help solve your problem.
That’s why you’re in an incubator; to learn from these collisions or if you have a quick question, you just go out there and ask it. If you have to formalize an interaction where you have to ask somebody to meet, set up a coffee meet to ask them this question, it’s a simple question that suddenly becomes bigger. It’s like why can’t I ask this person unless I have 15 minutes or half an hour of useful content to ask them about, or I don’t feel comfortable calling this person in the middle of the day to ask them this question. Being in the incubator where you can ask a stupid question, just walk out the door and be like, “Hey, could anybody answer a stupid question for me?” is the point.
Being open; people that do well in incubators and accelerators are people that are coachable. People that are open books, that allow you to fill them with knowledge do really, really well. People who are arrogant that already know what they need to do come into accelerators and incubators and do very, very poorly.
An incubator incubates a business, a business that’s started by an individual. It’s not this specific program you go through or it’s not like going to the doctor’s office where you go in and have an interaction, get a prescription and then go off and do your thing. It’s you starting a business.
Other businesses affect your business and suppliers. You’re integrated completely. Probably, if you want to put the best foot forward, it’s actually just being involved in the community, getting involved in doing things.
This idea that if you want to increase your chances, it’s realizing that you’re already in a community to some extent that you improve your chances of succeeding—both getting accepted and succeeding in accelerators and incubator programs by realizing you’re part of a community and not just being this on your own, you against the world. Getting accepted in here is pretty easy. Succeeding in an incubator is a totally different story.
There’s the microcosm of the incubator—the space that’ll be safe where you can practice interacting with the community. There’s the larger community. You’re part of a larger community.
If you have a tech company, eventually you’re going to be hiring people from the tech community. If no one knows who you are and what you do, and if you don’t have a track record, it’s going to be very hard for you to attract employees. If everyone knows who you are and you have a reputation of being awesome, then it’s very easy to hire employees. This is across the board. It’s very hard to raise money if no one knows who you are. It’s very easy to raise money if everyone knows who you are and everyone thinks you’re awesome.
We can teach you how to do project management. We can teach you. We give you resources. We can’t take a person who is unmotivated and turn them into a motivated person.
If somebody is leaving an incubator, they’re leaving for a reason. They’ve either outgrown it or they’re moving someplace else.
Ideally, the incubator is helping to connect those people to resources that are going to help them succeed. That’s office space. It’s whatever the next phase for the company is. The incubator is trying to help them get to that phase.
Determining what the appropriate resources are is up to everybody in the incubator, and everyone in the community that can. Ideally, the incubator is trying to help the people get the investment. It’s a dance. If the person is not investable and the person is like, “I need money,” the person running the incubator is like, “You’re not investable.”
If the appropriate next step is to introduce them to a VC, that will happen. If the appropriate next step is to have them go back to their garage, that’s what will happen.
I like the idea of time limits. I like the idea of having a plan of what people want to get out of it. I like the idea of kicking people out. Then if there’s a reason for them to stay, you make exceptions to the rule. That’s how I think. 
Then again, people can be in an incubator for a year or two if they’re working on a piece of technology, or if it’s a comfortable place to be. You never know how long someone needs to incubate an idea. It’s really dependent on what they’re trying to do. I think it’s appropriate to assess where someone is and say, “Where do you want to be in a year?” and impose that on that company. If the people say, “I don’t know. I still want to start a business,” that’s an appropriate answer. I think at some point, you say, “Okay, you don’t know. You should have a check up in three months to see if you have a better idea of where you want to go and then set up a plan.”
You will get the resources that you need if you’re open to receiving them. That’s the message that I would like to impress upon people. Incubators are places that if they’re being run correctly, will help you to access the resources that you need to succeed, whether they’re in the incubator or outside of the incubator. The people running them will help you. Get involved.
If you’d like to learn more about incubators or find ones in your area to get involved in, here are some ideas:
Happy hunting! If you have more questions about incubators or want to share your experience, let us know in the comments below.
About the Author Angelique is a copywriter at Palo Alto Software. She is interested in business ethics, social enterprise and nonprofit ventures, and likes to envision innovative ways businesses can make a positive impact in the world. She has a background in anthropology and performing arts. Follow Angelique on Google+ Read more »
If you're writing a business plan, you're in luck. Online business planning software makes it easier than ever before to put together a business plan for your business.
As you'll see in a moment, LivePlan is more than just business plan software, though. It's a knowledgable guide combined with a professional designer coupled with a financial wizard. It'll help you get over the three most common business hurdles with ease.
Let's take a look at those common hurdles, and see how producing a top-notch business plan sets your business up for success.
Get our latest business content delivered straight to your inbox!

Bplans is owned and operated by Palo Alto Software, Inc., as a free resource to help entrepreneurs start and run better businesses.
© 1996 - 2015 Palo Alto Software. All Rights Reserved
Careers at Palo Alto Software



--URL: http://www.paloalto.com
plus Instant Downloads on all software
Write your business plan with the #1 business planning tool
And more!
Everything to write your business plan, plus additional tools for managing your business.
Simple software to create a marketing plan, increase sales, and grow your business.

Business Plan Pro will save you time, money, and create a professional business plan that will impress investors and lenders.
Find new customers and increase your sales with a winning sales and marketing plan.
Here at Palo Alto Software we are committed to helping you succeed in business. We are proud to be serving entrepreneurs in over 180 countries for over 20 years. From San Francisco to Sydney we have helped both small and large companies achieve their full potential. Learn more about us »
We make shopping
Click for Live Chat
Call 1-800-229-7526
Copyright ©2015 Palo Alto Software. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy

--URL: http://www.emailcenterpro.com
Sign In
   Contact Us    Live Chat
Quick Feature Tour »
Send faster, better responses to your customers. Spend less time answering email, and make sure every email is answered the right way, every time.
Respond to each customer accurately and quickly, no matter how full your mailbox is. Centralized, organized email handling is the secret to customer service success.
Every communication with every customer is at your fingertips. Having a detailed conversation history lets you see what the customer has emailed about in the past and address their concerns quickly and effectively.
Get unprecedented insight into your customer service work flow. Get ready to brag about (or correct!) your service quality.
Improve communication between departments, and get customers the help they need. Fast.
©2015 Palo Alto Software. All rights reserved. Read our privacy policy and terms of service.

--URL: http://aws.amazon.com/
750 hours of Linux & Windows Micro Instances/month
5GB storage, 20k Get requests and 2k Put requests
25GB of storage and up to 20 million requests/month
Virtual Servers in the Cloud
Scalable Container Management Service
Run Your Code in Response to Events
Automatic Elasticity
High Scale Load Balancing
Scalable Storage in the Cloud
EC2 Block Storage Volumes
Low-Cost Archive Storage in the Cloud
Global Content Delivery Network
Managed Relational Database Service for MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, and Amazon Aurora
Fast, Predictable, Highly-scalable NoSQL data store
In-Memory Caching Service
Isolated Cloud Resources
Dedicated Network Connection to AWS
Scalable Domain Name System
Managed Directories in the Cloud
Configurable AWS Access Controls
User Activity and Change Tracking
Resource Inventory, Configuration History, and Configuration Change Notifications
Hardware-based Key Storage for Regulatory Compliance
Managed Creation and Control of Encryption Keys
Resource and Application Monitoring
AWS Cloud Optimization Expert
Find and Launch Products Using a Personalized Portal
Hosted Hadoop Framework
Real-time Data Stream Processing
Petabyte-scale Data Warehouse Service
Orchestration Service for Periodic, Data-Driven Workflows
Message Queue Service
Workflow Service for Coordinating Application Components
Low-Latency Application Streaming
Easy-to-use Scalable Media Transcoding
Email Sending Service
Managed Search Service
AWS Application Container
DevOps Application Management Services
Templates for AWS Resource Creation
Automated Deployments
Continuous Delivery and Release Automation Service
Secure, Highly Scalable, Managed Revision Control Service
Managed User Identity
Data Synchronization
Fast, Secure App Usage Analytics
Send Notifications, Updates, and Promotions across Platforms
Amazon WorkSpaces is a desktop computing service in the cloud, allowing end-users access to resources and applications on the device of their choice.
Learn more about Amazon WorkSpaces »
Amazon WorkMail is a secure, managed business email and calendaring service with support for existing desktop and mobile email clients.
Learn more about Amazon WorkMail »
Amazon WorkDocs is a fully managed, secure enterprise storage and sharing service with strong administrative controls and feedback capabilities.
Learn more about Amazon WorkDocs »
Comprehensive security capabilities to satisfy the most demanding information security requirements.
Learn more »
Choose the right level of isolation for your apps, and integrate with existing resources.
Learn more »
Rich controls, auditing and broad security accreditations.
Learn more »
Build hybrid IT architectures that extend your on-premises infrastructure to the Cloud.
Learn more »
Build scalable, high performance websites with a broad set of services geared for modern web applications. Learn more »
Customers running Web Applications on AWS
Process data quickly with instant access to vast amounts of computing power designed to handle massive volumes of data. Learn more »
Customers running Big Data & HPC workloads on AWS
Move your business into the cloud with secured, high-performance solutions for your common and custom business applications. Learn more »
Customers running Line of Business Apps on AWS
Securely store your information with storage options that provide built-in encryption, designed for 99.999999999% durability. Learn more »
Customers using AWS for Backup & Storage
Protect your data and applications across data centers and the cloud with immediately available, scalable and durable disaster recovery. Learn more »
Customers using AWS for Disaster Recovery
Media services that allow the secured storage, processing, and delivery of your media assets around the world. Learn more »
Customers using AWS for Media
From mobile to web, console to PC; AWS provides a broad range of low-cost, instantly available gaming backend services for developers that write for every platform and language. Learn more »
Customers delivering Games using AWS
Healthcare and Life Sciences organizations are using AWS for everything from basic biomedical research to HIPAA-compliant clinical information systems. Learn more »
Customers using AWS for Healthcare and Life Sciences solutions
View all Enterprise stories »
View all Start-Ups stories »
View all Public Sector stories »
Amazon Web Services is Hiring.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a dynamic, growing business unit within Amazon.com. We are currently hiring Software Development Engineers, Product Managers, Account Managers, Solution Architects, Support Engineers, System Engineers, Designers and more. Visit our Careers page or our Developer-specific Careers page to learn more.
Amazon Web Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

--URL: http://amazon.com
There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.

--URL: http://www.amazon.com/interestbasedads
There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.

--URL: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Welcome to the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page. The companies participating in this page provide transparency and choice under the DAA Principles.
Some of the ads you receive on Web pages are customized based on predictions about your interests generated from your visits to different Web sites. This type of ad customization is sometimes called "online behavioral" or "interest-based" advertising. Such online advertising helps support the free content, products and services you get online. The DAA Principles apply to interest-based advertising and other applicable uses of Web viewing data collected from a particular computer or device over time and across unaffiliated Web sites.
Using the tools on this page, you can opt out from the collection of Web viewing data for interest-based advertising and other applicable uses, by some or all of the participating companies.
The site requires that you enable JavaScript for your browser. Please turn on JavaScript for your browser and click "Try Again" to proceed.
Click the company name to find out more about a participating company. To opt out from one or more companies, check the box(es) in the "Select" column next to the company name(s), and then hit the "Submit your choices" button. You can also click the "Select all shown" box to pre-check all the listed companies before you hit the "Submit" button. An [-] symbol in the check box indicates that you have already set an opt out for this company.
Need help?
Click the company name to find out more about a participating company. To opt out from interest-based ads by one or more companies, check the box(es) in the "Select" column next to the company name(s), and then hit the "Submit your choices" button. You can also use click the "Select all shown" box to pre-check all the listed companies before you hit the "Submit" button.
Need help?
Need help?
Submitting your choices for the selected companies stores your opt out preference(s) in your browser. Learn More.
Submitting your choices for the selected companies stores your opt out preference(s) in your browser. Learn More.
Submitting your choices for all currently participating companies stores your opt out preferences in your browser. Learn More.

--URL: http://www.aboutads.info/privacy/
This Privacy Policy explains how the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) collects and uses the information you provide to us, to help you make informed decisions when you use our website (“Site”) and AppChoices mobile application (“App”), collectively our Digital Properties. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using our Digital Properties. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, then you should not use our Digital Properties. This Privacy Policy is specifically incorporated into the Terms of Service, which governs your use of our Digital Properties.
When you visit or use our Digital Properties, we may collect the following types of information:
We may use the information we collect from you for purposes such as:
We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with the Site. This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from, what actions they took on the Site, and where visitors went when they left the Site. We use this information to improve your experience when visiting our site. Please click here to learn more about this service and how to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics. We may also work with other partners to conduct research surveys in order to improve the user experience on our Digital Properties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these partners to learn about their data practices.
Through our Digital Properties, you are able to exercise choice with respect to certain data practices of companies participating in the choice tools we provide. When you exercise your choice, we may share some information collected from you, your computer, or your mobile device with these companies so that they may honor your requests concerning their data collection practices. Additionally, we may share information with service providers who may assist us in responding to your inquiries or requests, or otherwise perform some business or operational function for us. We may also disclose personal information about you if required to do so by law, including without limitation, by search warrant, subpoena or court order; to protect our and third party rights; and for purposes disclosed at time of collection.
We take reasonable measures to help maintain data we collect through our Digital Properties in a secure manner.
Our Digital Properties may contain links to other websites operated by third parties we do not control and this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through our Digital Properties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other websites.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any updated policies on this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@aboutads.info.
Last Updated: February 24, 2015

Legal | Privacy © 2010 Digital Advertising Alliance – All rights reserved


--URL: http://www.bbb.org/us/interest-based-advertising/consumers/
Please enter your City and State/Province OR Postal Code

--URL: http://www.bbb.org/council/about/trademarks/
Please enter your City and State/Province OR Postal Code.
BBB logos such as Better Business Bureau, BBB, the BBB torch logo, the BBB Accredited Business and Charity seals and  BBB AUTO LINE, are service marks owned by the Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. (CBBB). These marks may be used, with certain restrictions, only by BBBs and eligible businesses participating in BBB programs under a license agreement. Businesses and charities interested in accreditation and the accompanying use of our seals should contact their BBB for program information and accreditation guidelines. Any use of these marks by others must be with the express permission of CBBB. It is CBBB policy to take action against all unauthorized use of its marks.
What happens when a business misuses a BBB trademark? In most instances, when we advise a business that it is misusing or infringing our trademarks, the business readily complies with our request to modify its advertising or website. From time to time, however, CBBB has had to sue infringers. We also try to advise the public about companies that continue, without authorization, to use our marks by putting up an alert on their business review (if they have one) and listing them on this website. Below is a list of businesses displaying our service marks without authorization.   Have questions about the use of BBB trademarks? Please e-mail us. 
Businesses displaying a BBB trademark without authorization
Problem: Springs Transmission & Automotive's 2009-2010 DEX directory advertising claims that the business is BBB Accredited through the misuse of the BBB trademark. The business is not BBB Accredited and the infringement is a violation of trademark.
Contact: BBB of Southern Colorado See Springs Transmission & Automotive BBB Business Review
Problem: This business sells home and property value reports on the Internet. Homeprice.net falsely implies BBB affiliation through its unauthorized use of the BBB TORCH Logo on its website. Homeprice.net has been asked on more than one occasion to remove the Council’s trademarks from its website. Homeprice.net is not a BBB Accredited Business. Consumers should be aware that this business is not in any way affiliated with the Better Business Bureau. Contact: BBB of Southeast Florida See Homeprice.com's BBB Business Review
Company name: Hyperactive, Inc. Location: Kinston, NC URL: www.scriptlance.com/cgi-bin/freelancers/freelancers.cgi?viewprofile=redfraggle
Problem: This business offers web hosting and domain registration services. Hyperactive, Inc. is falsely claiming BBB membership in various Internet postings. Previously, Hyperactive, Inc. was falsely implying BBB affiliation by its unauthorized use of a BBB report on its website. Upon request from CBBB, the business removed this report from its site but continues to state inaccurately that it has a satisfactory rating with the BBB. Hyperactive, Inc. has been asked on more than one occasion to remove the reference to its BBB record from its website and other advertisements. This business is not a BBB Accredited Business. Consumers should be aware that this business is not in any way affiliated with the BBB. Contact: BBB of Raleigh, NC See Hyperactive's BBB Business Review 
Company name: 123Vending.com Location: Monroe, NC URL: http://vending-machines.blogspot.com/
Problem: This business sells and services vending machines on the internet. 123Vending.com falsely claims to be BBB accredited on the Internet. Consumers should be aware that 123Vending.com is not in any way affiliated with BBB. Contact: BBB of Charlotte, NC See 123Vending.com's BBB Business Review   


--URL: https://foursquare.com/v/council-of-better-business-bureaus/4f3d0cb7e4b02d5ef836e5e9
lenutaa_mirceaa-council of better business bureaus new 2015
Star Quality is a business that advertise, publish, distributes and markets for the entertainment industry.
Is there any chance of correction in real estate market of Toronto in near future?
Council Of Better Business Bureaus
lenutaa_mirceaa fourquare bbb.org 2014
Aqui estoi Ben si tienes vor y dime que miento...1307 charterten ave 93307
Plenty of great places to eat when visiting the office including Earls, Hard Times Cafe, and Boulevard Woodgrill.
Foursquare © 2015  Lovingly made in NYC & SF
Interesting Places
Created by Dwight Williams 1 item
Look for: Restaurants, Nightlife, Shopping, Top Picks
Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/download
Welcome to the new
Our tastes are different, so why should we get the same search results? The new Foursquare learns what you like and leads you to places you’ll love.
Your tastes can be specific like whiskey or salted caramel, or more general like outdoor seating or used bookstores.
Search for restaurants, coffee, nightlife, shops and more. See what's nearby or plan ahead. Every search is tailored to your tastes, the places you like, and picks from friends and experts you trust.
When you arrive at a place, open up Foursquare to see insider tips  like what's good to order or something you shouldn't miss.
When you find something great, leave a tip to share your discovery. Pay it forward and earn expertise.
Get the new Foursquare today for Android, iOS and Windows

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia
Taco Place 5723 Lee Hwy Arlington, VA
People also say (97 tips):
Sandwich Place 5876 Washington Blvd Arlington, VA
People also say (77 tips):
Grocery Store 3123 Lee Hwy Arlington, VA
People also say (94 tips):
Mexican Restaurant 3165 Wilson Blvd Arlington, VA
People also say (3 tips):
Donut Shop 804 N Henry St Alexandria, VA
People also say (8 tips):
Sandwich Place 1901 L St NW Washington, D.C.
People also say (4 tips):
Music Venue 1353 H St NE Washington, D.C.
7 people are here right now
Baseball Stadium 1500 S Capitol St SE Washington, D.C.
14 people are here right now
Airport 2401 S Smith Blvd Arlington, VA
18 people are here right now
Italian Restaurant 1303 Wisconsin Ave NW Washington, D.C.
BBQ Joint 3139 M St NW Washington, D.C.
Spa 8311 Grubb Rd Silver Spring, MD
Foursquare © 2015  Lovingly made in NYC & SF
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia
Taco Mekanı 5723 Lee Hwy Arlington, VA
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (97 tavsiye):
Sandviç Mekanı 5876 Washington Blvd Arlington, VA
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (77 tavsiye):
Süpermarket 3123 Lee Hwy Arlington, VA
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (94 tavsiye):
Meksika Restoranı 3165 Wilson Blvd Arlington, VA
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (3 tavsiye):
Donut Dükkanı 804 N Henry St Alexandria, VA
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (8 tavsiye):
Sandviç Mekanı 1901 L St NW Washington, D.C.
İnsanlar şunu da söylüyor (4 tavsiye):
Müzik Mekanı 1353 H St NE Washington, D.C.
7 kişi şu anda burada
Beyzbol Stadyumu 1500 S Capitol St SE Washington, D.C.
14 kişi şu anda burada
Havalimanı 2401 S Smith Blvd Arlington, VA
18 kişi şu anda burada
İtalyan Restoranı 1303 Wisconsin Ave NW Washington, D.C.
Barbekü Restoranı 3139 M St NW Washington, D.C.
Spa 8311 Grubb Rd Silver Spring, MD
Foursquare © 2015  NYC ve SF'de sevgiyle yapıldı.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/download
Hoş geldin, işte yeni
Zevklerimiz farklı, öyleyse neden aynı arama sonuçlarını alalım? Yeni Foursquare neyi beğendiğini öğreniyor ve seveceğin yerlere seni yönlendiriyor.
Zevklerin "viski" veya "tuzlu kraker" gibi belli veya "dışarıda oturma" ya da "kullanılmış kitap" gibi çok genel olabilir.
Restoran, kahve, gece hayatı, mağazalar ve daha fazlasını ara. Yakında ne var gör veya ilerisi için plan yap. Her arama, senin zevklerine, beğendiğin mekanlara, güvendiğin arkadaşlar ve uzmanlara göre özeldir.
Bir mekana gittiğin zaman, neyin iyi olduğu veya neyi kaçırmaman gerektiği gibi içeriden tavsiyeler için Foursquare'i aç.
Harika bir şey bulduğun zaman, keşfini paylaşmak için bir tavsiye bırak. İleride de devam et ve uzmanlık kazan.
Android, iOS ve Windows için yeni Foursquare'i bugün edin.

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/num
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/num
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/z
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/z
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!


--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/y
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/y
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/x
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/x
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/w
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/w
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/v
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/v
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/u
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/u
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/t
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/t
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/s
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/s
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/r
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/r
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/q
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/q/1
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/arlington-virginia/q/1
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/v/qwest-building/4b2a441ff964a520aaa624e3
Cosi and Potbelly are in the lobby of the building.
You can cut through the building to reach the courtyard.
Elevator for ballston metro is right in front of building.
Qwest Building
Foursquare © 2015  NYC ve SF'de sevgiyle yapıldı.
Şunu ara: Restoranlar, Gece Hayatı, Alışveriş, En çok tercih edilenler
Bilgilerinin güncel olmasını sağla. Lütfen yeni müşteri bulmak için ücretsiz araçlarımızı kullan.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/united-states
İnsanların o şehirde en çok sevdikleri mekanları görmek için aşağıdaki bağlantıya tıkla. Biraz da sonraki tatiline veya hafta sonuna sakla veya arkadaşınla paylaş! Aradığını göremiyor musun? Dünyanın herhangi bir yerinde harika mekanları aramak için Keşfet'i ziyaret et.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/united-states
Klik tautan di bawah ini untuk melihat tempat-tempat yang paling disukai di kota tersebut. Simpan beberapa tempat untuk liburan atau kegiatan di akhir pekan depan, atau bagikan dengan teman! Tidak mendapatkan tempat yang kamu cari? Kunjungi Explore untuk mencari tempat keren di mana pun di dunia.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska
Restoran Hidangan Laut 1205 Howard St. Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (27 tips):
Bar 3578 Farnam St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (58 tips):
Toko Es Krim 1120 Jackson St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (64 tips):
Tempat Pembuatan Bir 514 S 11th St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (101 tips):
Bar 6104 Maple St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (40 tips):
Bioskop 2110 S 67th St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (42 tips):
Toko Es Krim 5001 Underwood Ave Omaha, NE
Restoran Amerika 1001 Cass St Omaha, NE
Restoran Amerika 16920 Wright Plaza Ste. 118 Omaha, NE
Kafe 4950 Dodge St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (2 tips):
Bar Anggur 3908 Farnam St Omaha, NE
Orang-orang juga mengatakan (1 tips):
Foursquare © 2015  Dibuat sepenuh cinta di NYC & SF
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/num
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/num
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/z
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/z
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/y
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!


--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/y
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/x
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/x
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/w
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/w
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/v
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/v
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/u
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/u
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/t
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/t
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/s
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/s
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/r
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/r
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/q
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/q
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/p
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/p/2
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/omaha-nebraska/p/2
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/v/pho-viet/540f82ee498eb8ee71a01100
Pho is very good. Spring rolls too.
Great pho. Spring rolls were very good. So was the veg delight.
I like the Spring Rolls and the Vermicelli Bowl
Foursquare © 2015  NYC ve SF'de sevgiyle yapıldı.
Şunu ara: Restoranlar, Gece Hayatı, Alışveriş, En çok tercih edilenler
Bilgilerinin güncel olmasını sağla. Lütfen yeni müşteri bulmak için ücretsiz araçlarımızı kullan.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/v/pho-viet/540f82ee498eb8ee71a01100
Pho is very good. Spring rolls too.
Great pho. Spring rolls were very good. So was the veg delight.
I like the Spring Rolls and the Vermicelli Bowl
Foursquare © 2015  Dibuat sepenuh cinta di NYC & SF
Cari: Restoran, Kehidupan malam, Belanja, Pilihan Teratas
Pastikan informasi kamu mutakhir. Plus, gunakan alat bantu gratis kami untuk mencari pelanggan baru.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/jim_phillips1

Dim sum for lunch on a Sunday. Always a good choice.
Great sandwiches. I get the Oaxacan Pork but all of them are good.
I like the Spring Rolls and the Vermicelli Bowl
My wife and I had a great Sunday brunch here. The Croque Madame was fantastic and so were the Beignets du Jour. Top notch service made the meal even that much better.
Kobe Burger and Goat Cheese Toast were fantastic!
Very good... period.
Quiche and a muffin... for the win! Muy bueno!
Foursquare © 2015  Dibuat sepenuh cinta di NYC & SF
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/jim_phillips1

Dim sum for lunch on a Sunday. Always a good choice.
Great sandwiches. I get the Oaxacan Pork but all of them are good.
I like the Spring Rolls and the Vermicelli Bowl
My wife and I had a great Sunday brunch here. The Croque Madame was fantastic and so were the Beignets du Jour. Top notch service made the meal even that much better.
Kobe Burger and Goat Cheese Toast were fantastic!
Very good... period.
Quiche and a muffin... for the win! Muy bueno!
Foursquare © 2015  Feito com amor em Nova York e São Francisco
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/v/bittersweet-pastry-shop--cafe/4a14ef13f964a5208c781fe3
Editar horários
Based on 49 votes
As pessoas gostam deste lugar
Super yummy hot chocolate. One is probably enough to split.
Macaroons here are as close as I've come to Paris ones.
Join Bittersweet's rewards program to get $10 for every $100 you spend: https://www.springrewards.com/places/29211
Great sweets. The table service is a little slow but friendly.
This is a truly wonderful bakery. I've only has the macaroons, which are to die for!!! Everything in the display case looks amazing!
Not a big fan of this place.
Quiche and a muffin... for the win! Muy bueno!
Best flourless chocolate mousse cake in the world!
Busy or slow, the service is always below par. Waited 10 minutes to be acknowledged and helped in an empty store this morning. On the plus side, the pastries and latte were good.
The fruity macaron flavors here are stand-outs, especially the strawberries and cream, which packs a jam-like filling. The salted caramel doesn't taste salted enough, so stick to the pastels.
Everything is great. Favs-thumbprint cookies, day-old 1/2 price bread (have them slice it), greeting cards (beautiful, classy selection), curry chicken salad sandwich. Odd service w/the number system.
APPLE TART
unique macaron flavors
Obsessed with their macaroons.
Nice sitdown spot, clever cakes and cookies. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu) Leia mais
Homemade oreo cookie!
The summer-only Strawberry Rhubarb sorbet is better than pie. Leia mais
Thumbprint cookies and the lemon tarts are the best.
Try the Coconut Covered Macaroon With Chocolate
Try the Carrot Cake Cupcake With Cream Cheese Frosting
Try the Banana chocolate chip cupcake
Pastry maven Judy Contino extends her talents to a single kind of hot chocolate, made from melting chocolate with a barely-there touch of orange zest and cinnamon. Leia mais
The flower less chocolate cake is almost orgasmic lol it's that delicious! :D
Try the illy coffee with a flavor shot. And the macaroons... Delish!
Best Tarts in the city!
Lovely place. Friendly service! <3
Try the homemade granola bars.
Owner Judy Contino has been baking her legendary cakes (and sometimes waiting tables) for almost two decades.
The baguettes here are the best in the city. Buy two, one to eat on the way home and one for your meal.
Go to Bittersweet and get yourself a cupcake and a cappuccino. If they are offering their chilled cucumber soup when you are there, order a bowl. You deserve it.
Flourless Chocolate cake is perfection.
Now on minute 15 of waiting for a server to acknowledge us. Don't get me wrong - I love this place, but the service needs to be seriously stepped up.
Foursquare © 2015  Feito com amor em Nova York e São Francisco
Sweet Mandy B's
Padaria · $$
1208 W Webster Ave (at N Racine Ave)
"Love this place. Tons of flavors to choose from, but the simple vanilla cupcake is still our favorite."
Julius Meinl Coffee House
Cafeteria · $$
3601 N Southport Ave (at W Addison St)
"Baked eggs the jalepeno cheddar ones are amazing!"
Starbucks
Cafeteria · $
3400 N Southport Ave
"Skinny Cinnamon Dolce Latte is good. Tall is only 90 calories!"
Theater Wit
Artes Cênicas
1229 W Belmont Ave (btwn N Lakewood Ave & N Racine Ave)
"Great selection of drinks--sodas, beers, coffee--that you can take in to the theater. Nice intimate space to see plays. Chairs are very squeaky, though."
Something Old Something New
Vestuário
1056 W Belmont Ave (At N. Seminary Ave.)
"Unique mostly new, sometimes old stuff can be found here."
Kriser's Lakeview
Pet Shop
1033 W Belmont Ave (N. Kenmore Ave)
"Great experience, Linda was very friendly and knowledgable."
50 sweet scoops
Criado por Time Out Chicago Kids 41 itens • 39 seguidores
The Best Macarons in Chicago
Criado por Serious Eats 12 itens • 30 seguidores
JUST DESSERTS
Criado por Carla 25 itens • 15 seguidores
coffee shop
Busque por: Restaurantes, Vida Noturna, Compras, Seleções principais
Certifique-se de que seus dados estão atualizados. Use nossas ferramentas gratuitas para encontrar novos clientes.
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!


--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states
Sorveteria 3404 N Southport Ave Chicago, IL
People also say (48 tips):
Restaurante Vegetariano / Vegano 3411 N Halsted St Chicago, IL
People also say (166 tips):
Parque 2045 N Lincoln Park W Chicago, IL
People also say (29 tips):
Restaurante 2300 N. Lincoln Park West Chicago, IL
People also say (3 tips):
Hamburgueria 3324 N California Ave Chicago, IL
People also say (5 tips):
Casa de Sushi 4514 N Lincoln Ave Chicago, IL
People also say (2 tips):
Frutos do Mar 3720 N Clark St Chicago, IL
Pizzaria 5335 N Sheridan Rd Chicago, IL
Pub Gastronômico 455 W North Ave Chicago, IL
Sanduicheria 1938 W Division St Chicago, IL
5 pessoas estão aqui agora
Casa de Shows 2424 N Lincoln Ave Chicago, IL
13 pessoas estão aqui agora
Foursquare © 2015  Feito com amor em Nova York e São Francisco
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/num
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/num
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/z
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/z
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/y
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/y
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/x
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/x
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/w
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/w
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/v
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/v
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/u
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/u
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/t
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/t
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/s
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/s
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/r
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/r
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/q
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/q
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/p
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/p/1
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/cities/lakeview-illinois-united-states/p/1
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/v/ph-productions--studiobe/4bdb8f924b1f952150b5670b
İnsanlar bu saatlerde check-in yapma eğilimindeler:
Saat ekle
Best improv in town! Check out pHamily the musical Saturdays and pHrenzy on Fri/Sat @ midnight! BYOB
We're having a crazy NYE party! $40 for open bar, free food, comedy, dancing and more! Go to whatisph.com for more deets. Happy New Year!
Hilarious comedy Thursdays Fridays and Saturday's. Come see pHamily the musical for a great improvised narrative musical!!!
Fun, cheap AND byob?! Sweet!
Located in Chicago's Lincoln Park neighborhood, pH boasts that it gives you "More funny for less money". Most shows are $5-10 and are BYOB.
Our 8pm shows have moved to 10pm permanently. Thurs @ 10:30 is College Night; Fri @10pm is pHLIP CUP; Sat @ 10pm is pHAMILY (Musical); Fri and Sat @ 12am is pHRENZY (2 versions)
Don't forget your bottle opener.
It's BYOB! Grab a six-pack at 1000 Liquors and watch some hilarious improv! TOTAL BARGAIN.
Get your tickets in advance at whatisph.com because they sell out a lot. Especially Breakfast Club!
Comedy to make that day you had a little funnier.
Foursquare © 2015  NYC ve SF'de sevgiyle yapıldı.
iO Chicago
Komedi Kulübü
3541 N Clark St (at W Addison St)
"All shows and classes here are fantastic! Top performances include TJ and Dave, The Reckoning, and Chaos Theory. Great place to bring a date or hang out with a group of friends any night of the week!"
ComedySportz Theatre
Komedi Kulübü
929 W Belmont Ave (btwn N Clark St & N Sheffield Ave)
"Good family friendly comedy, you won't be disappointed!"
Bye Bye Liver At Fizz
Komedi Kulübü

"Great show. Worth checking out. Funny & fun."
Matilda & Baby Atlas
Bar · $$
3101 N Sheffield Ave
"Their pork chops are amazing. Very chique and great place to relax and watch a game. 4 HUGE tvs."
Cheesie's Pub & Grub
Sandviçler · $$
958 W Belmont Ave (at Sheffield Ave)
"Try the tenderizer. Bacon, hot sauce, chicken, cheese. Yum!"
Clarke's
Lokanta · $
930 W Belmont Ave (at Wilton Ave)
"had the ham sandwich with egg type bread, very good i must say!! a perfect in between breakfast/lunch type food."
budge
Oluşturan ロビンソン 安田 45 öğe • 28 takipçi
Chicago 101
Oluşturan Neal Mahoney 200 öğe • 167 takipçi
Top 10 favorites places in Pernambuco
Oluşturan Vivania Marques 87 öğe • 5 takipçi
Şunu ara: Restoranlar, Gece Hayatı, Alışveriş, En çok tercih edilenler
Bilgilerinin güncel olmasını sağla. Lütfen yeni müşteri bulmak için ücretsiz araçlarımızı kullan.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!


--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/v/ph-productions--studiobe/4bdb8f924b1f952150b5670b/lists
Sort: Most Popular / Last Updated
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı cep telefonuna yükleyip, etrafındakileri keşfetmeye başlamak için foursquare'i indir

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/v/ph-productions--studiobe/4bdb8f924b1f952150b5670b/lists
Sort: Most Popular / Last Updated
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh foursquare untuk smartphone dan mulai jelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: http://id.foursquare.com/help
Getting Started, Using Foursquare, and Using Swarm
Account Basics, Privacy on Foursquare, and Privacy on Swarm
Places 101, Guidelines for Places, and Specials
Basics, Claiming, Manage Your Listing(s), Ads, and Media Partners
Reporting a Violation and Troubleshooting
Our API gives access to data used by our mobile app and website.
This blog updates on issues, downtime, and the occasional bug.
Have a quick question? Tweet it to @4sqSupport for a short reply.
Foursquare © 2015  Lovingly made in NYC & SF

--URL: http://foursquare.com/legal/terms
Last Updated: March 12, 2015
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"), A DELAWARE CORPORATION. THESE TERMS OF USE SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://FOURSQUARE.COM (THE "SITE") AND THE SERVICES, FEATURES, CONTENT, APPLICATIONS OR WIDGETS OFFERED BY FOURSQUARE (COLLECTIVELY WITH THE SITE, THE "SERVICE").
By registering for and/or using the Service in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein ("Terms of Use"), which also incorporate Foursquare's Privacy Policy, Foursquare's Intellectual Property Policy, Foursquare's Photo Guidelines, Foursquare's Venue Terms and Conditions, Foursquare's API License Agreement and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by Foursquare, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated by Foursquare from time to time without notice to you in accordance with the terms set out under the "Modification of Terms of Use" section below. In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by Foursquare from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Service, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services on the Site, individual users of the Service, venues that access the Service, and users that have a page on the Service.
Subject to these Terms of Use, Foursquare may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Site, and which are selected by you, solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services Foursquare performs for you, any applications or widgets offered by Foursquare that you download from the Site or, subject to the terms set out under the "Third party Sites and Services" section below, from third party application stores (e.g., iTunes® store, Blackberry App World™, or Google Apps Marketplace) authorized by Foursquare, as well as the offering of any materials displayed or performed on or through the Services (including Content (as defined below)).
You may browse the Site and view Content without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you are required to register with Foursquare and represent, warrant and covenant that you provide Foursquare with accurate and complete registration information (including, but not limited to a user name ("User Name"), e-mail address and/or mobile telephone number and a password you will use to access the Service) and to keep your registration information accurate and up-to-date. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of these Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your Foursquare account. We recommend, but do not require, that you use your own name as your User Name so your friends can recognize you more easily.
You shall not:
Foursquare reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a User Name in its sole discretion. You are solely responsible and liable for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Foursquare password. You shall never use another user's account without such other user's prior express permission. You will immediately notify Foursquare in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.
You represent and warrant that if you are an individual, you are of legal age to form a binding contract, or that if you are registering on behalf of an entity, that you are authorized to enter into, and bind the entity to, these Terms of Use and register for the Service. The Service is not available to individuals who are younger than 13 years old. Foursquare may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Use are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Service is revoked where these Terms of Use or use of the Service is prohibited and, in such circumstances, you agree not to use or access the Site or Services in any way.
If you use a mobile device, please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree that you will update your account information on the Services within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.
All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. Foursquare cannot guarantee the authenticity of any Content or data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible and liable for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, any location information, "shouts", videos, audio clips, comments, information, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by Foursquare on or through the Service. Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted or otherwise obtained through the Service by users, including Content that is added to the Service in connection with users linking their accounts to third party websites and services, is collectively referred to as, "User Submissions."
The Service contains Content specifically provided by Foursquare or its partners and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, as applicable. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
Subject to these Terms of Use, Foursquare grants each user of the Site and/or Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use, modify and reproduce the Content, solely for personal, non-commercial use. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than personal, non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Foursquare, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice, as applicable. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial (whether or not for profit) use or in any way that violates any third party right.
We may use your User Submissions in a number of different ways in connection with the Site, Service and Foursquare’s business as Foursquare may determine in its sole discretion, including but not limited to, publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into marketing materials, advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing other users to do the same in connection with their own websites, media platforms, and applications (“Third Party Media”). By submitting User Submissions on the Site or otherwise through the Service, you hereby do and shall grant Foursquare a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, copy, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the Service and Foursquare's (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Service, including Third Party Media, a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Site and the Service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions in connection with their use of the Site, Service and Third Party Media. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Foursquare does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing with Foursquare.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such license to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated; that Foursquare will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any Content; and that Foursquare cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service.
When you delete your User Submissions, they will be removed from the Service. However, you understand that any removed User Submissions may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but following removal will not be shared with others) or may remain with users who have previously accessed or downloaded your User Submissions.
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Use. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service. Additionally, you shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and, if you represent a business, any advertising, marketing, privacy, or other self-regulatory code(s) applicable to your industry.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a)take any action or (b)upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Submission, that:
If the User Submission includes a photograph, Foursquare's Photo Guidelines shall apply. Foursquare has a zero-tolerance policy against child pornography, and will terminate and report to the appropriate authorities any user who publishes or distributes child pornography.
You shall not (directly or indirectly):
Foursquare does not guarantee that any Content or User Submissions (as defined above) will be made available on the Site or through the Service. Foursquare has no obligation to monitor the Site, Service, Content, or User Submissions. However, Foursquare reserves the right to (i) remove, suspend, edit or modify any Content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any User Submissions at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Foursquare is concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Use), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove, suspend or block any User Submissions from the Service. Foursquare also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as Foursquare reasonably believes is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Foursquare, its users and the public.
Certain features of the Service and/or certain services and products made available to you through the Service may allow you to purchase services or to redeem an offer or special using your credit card (together with “Card Services”). Foursquare uses a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to link your credit card account to the Services (your “Card Account”) for use of the Card Services. The processing of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with the Card Services will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor and your credit card issuer in addition to this Agreement. Foursquare is not responsible for any error that occurs during any offer or special redemption process, including any error by the Payment Processor. In connection with your use of the Card Services, Foursquare will obtain certain transaction details, which Foursquare will use solely in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
For information on Foursquare’s Feedback and Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy, please go here.
If you include Foursquare's 'Add-to-Foursquare' Link ("Add-to Link") on your website, the following additional terms apply to you:
If you have a "Page" on the Service, you also agree to the following:
If you are the verified representative of a venue, you also agree to Foursquare's Venue Terms and Conditions.
If you are a developer or operator of any application or service that uses Foursquare's application programming interface(s) you also agree to Foursquare's Platform Policy and API License Agreement.
The Service may permit you to link to other websites, services or resources on the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the Site. When you access third party websites, you do so at your own risk. These other websites are not under Foursquare's control, and you acknowledge that Foursquare is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Foursquare or any association with its operators. You further acknowledge and agree that Foursquare shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
Foursquare may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service and/or Add-to Link at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Save to the extent required by law, Foursquare has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Foursquare has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Service; what Content you access via the Service; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release Foursquare from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Service. The Service may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Foursquare makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Service, and Foursquare will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service.
You release us from all liability relating to your connections and relationships with other users. You understand that we do not, in any way, screen users, nor do we inquire into the backgrounds of users or attempt to verify their backgrounds or statements. We make no representations or warranties as to the conduct of users or the veracity of any information users provide. In no event shall we be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the Services, including, without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress, and any damages resulting in any way from communications or meetings with users or persons you may otherwise meet through the Services. As such, you agree to take reasonable precautions and exercise the utmost personal care in all interactions with any individual you come into contact with through the Services, particularly if you decide to meet such individuals in person. For example, you should not, under any circumstances, provide your financial information (e.g., credit card or bank account numbers) to other individuals.
THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, SAVE TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW.
FOURSQUARE, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME STATES / COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Foursquare, its affiliates and each of its and its affiliates' employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all losses, costs, actions, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs) or liabilities, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Site, Service, Content, Add-to Link or otherwise from your User Submissions, violation of these Terms of Use, or infringement by you, or any third party using the your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity (save to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such claim arose due to an act or omission of Foursquare). Foursquare reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Foursquare in asserting any available defenses.
ALL LIABILITY OF FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HOWSOEVER ARISING FOR ANY LOSS SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SAVE THAT, IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION DETERMINES THAT LIABILITY OF FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS (AS APPLICABLE) HAS ARISEN, THE TOTAL OF SUCH LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED IN AGGREGATE TO ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100).
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL FOURSQUARE, NOR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY OR OTHERWISE (AND WHETHER OR NOT FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HAD PRIOR KNOWLEDGE OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK FOR:
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT YOUR LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF ANY INDEMNITY GIVEN BY YOU UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, FOURSQUARE’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
SOLELY IN RESPECT OF USERS LOCATED IN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND/OR AUSTRALIA, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR OR YOUR LIABILITY (AS APPLICABLE) IN RESPECT OF:
A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You and Foursquare agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
Save for users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following arbitration and governing law provisions shall apply:
Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following governing law provisions shall apply:
The use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or transfer of the software, application or widget is restricted in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations as applied to civilian agencies and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as applied to military agencies. Any such software, application or widget is a "commercial item," "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation." In accordance with such provisions, any use of any such software, application or widget shall be governed solely by these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and Foursquare with respect to the Service and use of the Site, Service, Content, User Submissions or Add-to Link, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Foursquare with respect to the Site. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Use to be binding, Foursquare must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of its authorized representatives.
Foursquare reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Service or via email. Foursquare may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
In respect of users located in the EEA who wish to receive Services, and/or provide User Submissions, and/or provide or access Content via the Site, such users may have a right to cancel these Terms of Use under the European Distance Selling Directive (97/7/EC) ("Directive") within 7 days of accepting these Terms of Use solely to the extent such right applies under the Directive to such users, save that if such right to cancel applies, it shall cease to exist from the time of actual use of the Services, and/or provision of the User Submissions, and/or provision or access of Content via the Site by such users.
Foursquare shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Foursquare's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). These Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Foursquare's prior written consent. Foursquare may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Use, all notices under these Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, in respect of these Terms of Use and your use of this Site, Service, Content, User Submissions or Add-to Link, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to grant any rights or benefits to any person, other than us and you (and our and your respective successors in title or assignees), or entitle any third party to enforce any provision hereof, and we and you agree that we do not intend that any provision of these Terms of Use should be enforceable by a third party by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Where Foursquare has provided you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms of Use, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Foursquare.
If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of these Terms of Use says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall take precedence.
You may contact Foursquare at the following address: 568 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10012.
Effective Date: January 29, 2013
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!


--URL: https://foursquare.com/legal/api/platformpolicy
Last updated: 11/5/14
Users of the Foursquare Labs, Inc. ("Foursquare") application programming interface ("API") and Foursquare Data (as defined below) are required to comply with Foursquare's Developer Policies, Acceptable Use Policy, API License Agreement and the terms and conditions of this Policy.
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/legal/api/platformpolicy
Son Güncelleme: 5/11/2014
Foursquare Labs, Inc ("Foursquare") uygulama programlama arayüzü ('API") ve Foursquare Veri (aşağıda tanımlandığı gibi) kullanıcılarının, Foursquare'ın Geliştirici Politikalaır , Kabul edilebilir Kullanım PolitikasıAPI Lisans Sözleşmesi ve bu Politikanın şart ve koşullarına uyması gereklidir.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Son Güncelleme: 24 Nisan, 2012
FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE") TARAFINDAN ÖNERİLEN HİZMETLERİ KULLANMADAN ÖNCE LÜTFEN BU KULLANIM şartlarını ("SÖZLEŞME" VEYA "KULLANIM şartları") DİKKATLE OKUYUN . BU SÖZLEŞME FOURSQUARE'İN YETKİLİ MEKAN VE ETKİNLİK PLATFORMUNU ("PLATFORM") KULLANMANIZ İÇİN YASAL BAĞLAYICI şart VE KOŞULLARI BELİRLEMEKTEDİR. PLATFORMA KAYIT OLARAK VE/VEYA ONU HERHANGİ BİR ŞEKİLDE KULLANARAK, BU SÖZLEŞMEYLE BAĞLANMAYI KABUL ETMEKTESİNİZ. BU SÖZLEŞME PLATFORMUN BÜTÜN KULLANICILARINA UYGULANMAKTADIR. BURADA BELİRLENEN BÜTÜN şartlar SADECE BU SÖZLEŞME İÇİN GEÇERLİ OLACAKTIR.
(a) restoranların, otellerin, barların, mağazaların, tiyatroların, stadyumların ve diğer mal ve hizmet mekanlarının ("Mekanlar") ve/veya (b) konserlerin, filmlerin, spor etkinliklerinin, partilerin, sosyal etkinliklerin ve diğer etkinliklerin ("Etkinlikler") sahiplerinin, organizatörlerinin, etkinlik planlayıcılarının ve diğer yetkili yöneticilerin ("Yöneticiler") Foursquare'in veritabanında Mekanlarının ve/veya Etkinliklerinin ayrıntılarını düzenlemelerine ve düzeltmelerine, Foursquare'in foursquare hizmetinin ("Hizmet") Mekanlarındaki ve/veya Etkinliklerindeki kullanımına dair matematiksel analiz ve görüntülemelerine ve Foursquare'de yönettikleri Mekanda ve/veya Etkinlikte check-in yapmayı tercih eden müşterilerini özel fırsatlarla ("Kampanyalar") ödüllendirmelerine izin verir. Açık olması için, bir Mekanın Yöneticisi o Yöneticinin Mekanında Kampanyalar yürütebilir, ama o Mekanda yürütülen bir Etkinlikte o Etkinliğin de Yöneticisi olmadığı sürece Kampanyalar yürütemez. Benzer biçimde, bir Etkinliğin Yöneticisi o Etkinlikte Kampanyalar yürütebilir, ama o Etkinliğin yapıldığı Mekanda o Mekanın da Yöneticisi olmadığı sürece Kampanyalar yürütemez.
Platform buradaki bütün şart ve koşulların değiştirilmeden kabul edilmesine tabi olarak önerilmektedir, söz konusu şartlara, her biri ilişkili olarak bütüleştirilmiş olan bütün kullanım şartları ve diğer işletme kuralları, politikaları ve zaman zaman Platform'da veya Foursquare'in internet sitesinde (halen www.foursquare.com'da bulunan "Site) yayınlanan her biri referans amacıyla birleiştirilmiş prosedürler dâhildir.
Foursquare herhangi bir zamanda, önceden bildirimde bulunmaksızın, herhangi bir nedenle Platformu değiştirme veya feshetme hakkını saklı tutar. Foursquare, herhangi bir zamanda, bu Kullanım Koşulları veya diğer Platform politikalarını değiştirmek ve Platform yoluyla bildiri yayınlayarak maddi değişiklikleri size bildirme hakkını saklı tutar. Bir "maddi değişimi" neyi oluşturduğunu tamamen Foursquare'in kendi takdirine bağlı olarak, iyi niyetle takdir, sağduyu ve makul yargı kullanarak belirlenecektir.
Bir Yönetici bir Mekan veya Etkinlikte hak talep etmek için Foursquare tarafından davet edilmeli ve/veya onaylanmalı ve geçerli şekilde “Yetkili Mekan” veya “Yetkili Etkinlik” olmak ve Hizmet Platformuna erişebilmek için, söz konusu Mekan veya Etkinlik için ilgili doğrulama işlemini tamamlamalıdır. Bir işletme kuruluşu olarak kayıt oluyorsanız, kuruluşu bu Sözleşme ile bağlama yetkiniz olduğunu beyan ve taahhüt etmelisiniz. Foursquare tamamen kendi takdirine bağlı olarak, Hizmet Platformunu herhangi bir kişi ve varlığa sunmayı reddedebilir ve herhangi bir zamanda uygunluk kriterlerini değiştirebilir. Bu Kullanım şartları ilgili kanunlarla yasaklandığı ölçüde hükümsüzdür ve söz konusu yargı yetkilerinde Hizmet Platformuna erişim hakkı iptal edilir.
Her bir Yönetici Foursquare’e o tarihteki güncel kayıt ve doğrulama prosedürleri tarafından gerekli görülen güncel bilgileri eksiksiz ve doğru biçimde vererek kayıt işlemini tamamlamalıdır. Vermiş olduğunuz bütün kayıt bilgilerinin gerçek ve doğru olduğunu beyan ve taahhüt etmektesiniz. Foursquare kimliğini doğrulamak için verdiğiniz irtibat ve diğer bilgileri kullanacaktır ve siz burada bunu yapabilmek için Foursquare’in sizinle direkt veya otomatik yollardan temasa geçmesine izin vermektesiniz. Hesabınızdaki bütün aktiviteden tamamen siz sorumlusunuz ve Platform şifrenizin gizliliğini korumaktan da sorumlu olacaksınız. Başka bir kullanıcının hesabını açık izni olmadan kullanmayacaksınız. Hesabınızın yetkisiz olarak kullanılmasını veya farkında olduğunuz başka bir hesabın güvenlik ihlalini derhal Foursquare’e yazılı olarak bildireceksiniz. Şifrenizi güvenli olarak korumamanızdan kaynaklanacak herhangi bir kayıp veya zarardan Foursquare’in sorumlu olmayacağını kabul etmektesiniz.
Hesap bilgilerinizi her zaman geçerli bir e-posta adresi ve telefon numarası da dâhil olmak üzere güncel ve doğru tutmalısınız. Foursquare hesabınızı başka bir tarafa devredemez ya da satamazsınız.
Platformun bazı özellikleri ve/veya size Platform yoluyla sağlanan bazı hizmetler ve ürünler şimdi veya gelecekte ödemeye tabi olabilir ( “ Ödemeli hizmetler” ). Foursquare Ödemeli Hizmetler'in kullanılması için sizin hesabınıza bağlı bir ödeme hesabı yoluyla fatura etmek için (“Fatura Hesabınız”) Platformda bir üçüncü şahıs ödeme işlemci ( “ Ödeme İşlemci ”) kullanmaktadır. Ödeme işlemleri bu Sözleşmeye ek olarak Ödeme İşlemci'nin şartları, koşulları ve gizlilik politikalarına tabi olacaktır. Ödeme İşlemci'nin hatalarından sorumlu değiliz. Ödemeli Hizmetler'i kullanmayı seçerek, söz konusu Ödemeli Hizmetler'in kullanılması için, uygulanan ödeme şartlarına göre, o tarihte yürürlükte olan fiyatlardan Ödeme İşlemci yoluyla Foursquare’de ödeme yapmayı kabul etmekte ve Ödeme İşlemci yoluyla Foursquare’de seçtiğiniz ödeme sağlayıcıyı ( “ Ödeme Yönteminiz” ) ücretlendirmek için yetki vermektesiniz. Seçilen Ödeme Yöntemi ile ödeme yapmayı kabul etmektesiniz. Foursquare ödemeyi talep etmiş veya almış olsa dâhi, yapmış olduğu hata veya yanlışları düzeltme hakkını saklı tutar.
Platform ve bütün içeriği, Platform yoluyla sağlanan bütün diğer malzemelern telif hakları, ticari markalar, hizmet markalarıi patentler, ticari markalar veya diğer mülkiyet hakları ve kanunlar veya gizlilik kanunları ile korunduğunu ve Foursquare'in (ve onun verdiği tarafların) ilgili bütün haklara, ünvanlara ve çıkarlara (bütün fikri mülkiyet ve mülkiyet bilgileri de dahil) sahip olduğunu ve bütün hakları koruduğunu bilmekte ve kabul etmektesiniz. Foursquare tarafından yetki verilmedikçe veya açıkça verildiği ölçüde, herhangi bir üçüncü tarafın Platformu veya bu gibi içeriği, bilgileri veya diğer malzemeyi satmasına, lisans vermesine, kiralamasına, değiştirmesine, dağıtmasına, kopyalamasına, çoğaltmasına, devretmesine, açık olarak görüntülemesine, açıkça icra etmesine, yayınlamasına, uyarlamasına, düzenlemesine ve işleme eserler oluşturmasına izin vermeyeceğinizi kabul etmektesiniz.
Kullanım şartları açısından, "İçerik" terimi yazılı yorumları, bilgiyi, verileri, metni, fotoğrafları, yazılımı, betikleri, grafikleri ve diğer içeriği içerir fakat bunlarla sınırlı değildir.
Platform yoluyla herhangi bir İçeriği yükleyerek, yazarak, sunarak veya dağıtarak ("Kullanıcı Sunumu") veya başka şekillerde Fourquare'e sağlayarak, siz, burada:
Foursquare'in Platforma sunduğunuz, yüklediğiniz, yazdığınız, oluşturduğunuz veya eklediğiniz (Hizmetle bağlantılı olarak da dahil ama bununla sınırlı olmamak üzere) herhangi bir yer, mekan, enlem ve boylam ve diğer konum bilgilerini kullanma, çoğaltma, aktarma, alt lisans verme ve başka biçimde sürekli olarak faydalanma hakkı olacaktır.
Bir kullanım koşulu olarak, Plarformu Kullanım şartlarının yasakladığı herhangi bir amaç için kullanmamaya söz verirsiniz. Platformla bağlantılı bütün aktivitelerinizden siz sorumlusunuz.
Örnek olarak, ancak bir sınırlama getirmeden, aşağıdakilere yol açan (a) herhangi bir işlem yapmayacak veya (b) yüklemeyecek, indirmeyecek, yollamayacak, göndermeyecek veya başka yollarla dağıtmayacak veya Site üzerinde veya Site aracılığıyla herhangi bir İçeriğin dağıtımına yardımcı olmayacaksınız:
Kullanıcının Sunumu bir fotoğraf içeriyorsa, Foursquare'in Fotoğraf Kılavuzları uygulanacaktır.
Şunları yapmayacaksınız (doğrudan veya dolaylı olarak):
Foursquare herhangi bir İçeriğin veya Kullanıcı Sunumunun Platform aracılığıyla kullanılabilir olacağını garanti etmez. Foursquare'ın Platformu, İçeriği veya Kullanıcı Sunumlarını denetleme yükümlülüğü yoktur. Ancak, Foursquare (a) yalnızca kendi takdiriyle, herhangi bir Kullanıcı Sunumu dâhil ancak bununla sınırlı olmamak üzere dilediği zaman, size önceden bildirmeden ve dilediği sebeple veya hiçbir sebep göstermeden söz konusu İçerikle ilgili yetkililerden veya üçüncü taraflardan talep aldığı zaman veya Foursquare'in bu Kullanım Koşullarını ihlal ettiğinizi düşünmesi halinde) herhangi bir İçeriği kaldırma, askıya alma, düzenleme veya değiştirme ve (b) Platformdan herhangi bir Kullanıcı Sunumunu kaldırma, askıya alma veya engelleme hakkını saklı tutar. Foursquare ayrıca, (i) herhangi bir uygulanabilir yasanın, yönetmeliğin, yasal sürecin ve hükmün talebinin gereğini yapmak, (ii) olası ihlalleri araştırmak dâhil bu Kullanım şartlarını uygulamak, (iii) sahtekarlık, güvenlik sorunlarını ve teknik sorunları tespit etmek, önlemek veya başka yollarla bu sorunlara ele almak, (iv) kullanıcı destek taleplerine yanıt vermek veya (v) Foursquare'ın, kullanıcılarının ve kamunun haklarını koruma hakkını da saklı tutar.
Bu Sözleşme Foursquare'in kişisel olarak tanımlanabilir bilgileri ele alış biçimini kapsayan Gizlilik Politikası ve siz Platforma erişirken foursquare'in topladığı diğer verileri bütünleştirmektedir. Anlaşılabilirlik adına, talep doğrulama işlemi sırasında ibraz ettiğiniz bilgiler, Foursquare tarafından tutulacak ve söz konusu işlemle ilgili olarak kullanılacaktır.
Platformla bağlantılı olarak Foursquare hizmetinin kullanıcılarından twitter hesap ismi, ad ve soyad, o anki konumun şehri ve eyaleti, gezdiği günler, Foursquare'deki check-in'ler ve yaptığı şeyler ve Foursquare'deki arkadaşlarının sayısı (on tanesi gösterilerek) dâhil fakat bunlarla sınırlı olmamak üzere kişisel bilgiler edinebilirsiniz. Foursquare'den veya geçerli kullanıcıdan önceden izin almadan bu kişisel bilgiler tarafınızdan sadece mekanınızdaki foursquare kullanımını görüntülemek için kullanılacaktır ve bu bilgileri başka herhangi bir amaçla kullanamaz veya açıklayamazsınız. Foursquare size bilgileri istenmemiş ticari mesajlar için kullanma lisansı vermemiştir. Yukarıdakileri sınırlamaksızın, kullanıcının açık rızası olmadan herhangi bir Foursquare kullanıcısını e-posta veya fiziksel posta listenize ekleme lisansınız yoktur. Bütün Foursquare kullanıcı verileri ve bilgilerini üçüncü tarafların yetkisiz kullanımından, açıklamasından veya erişiminden korumak için geçerli kanunlara, kurallara ve yönetmeliklere uygun olarak ticari olarak makul adımları atmayı kabul edersiniz.
Foursquare herhangi bir kullanıcının Patforma bütünüyle veya bir bölümüne erişimini herhangi bir zamanda, sebepli veya sebepsiz, bildirimde bulunarak veya derhal yürürlüğe girecek şekilde feshedebilir. Eğer kayıt ve hesabınızı sonlandırmak isterseniz, Platformunda yönergeleri izleyerek bunu herhangi bir zamanda yapabilirsiniz.
Herhangi bir fesih ile birlikte, tarafların bütün hak ve yükümlülükleri sona erecek ve derhal Platformu, şu haller dışında kullanmayı durduracaksınız: (a) feshin yürürlük tarihinden önce oluşan bütün yükümlülükler (bütün ödeme yükümlülükleri de dâhil ama bunlarla sınırlı olmamak şartıyla) ve Sözleşmenin ihlali halinde bütün çareler devam edecek ve (b) 5.,7. ve 9-14. Kısımların hükümleri geçerliliğini sürdürecektir. Fesihten sonra, "Foursquare"'in herhangi bir kullanıcısının hesabındaki içeriği koruma veya size gönderme veya siz, bir kullanıcı ya da herhangi bir diğer tarafa karşı okunmamış veya gönderilmemiş mesajları gönderme gibi bir yükümlülüğü yoktur.
Platform "OLDUĞU GİBİ" VE "MEVCUT OLDUĞU ŞEKİLDE" SAĞLANMAKTADIR. Platform İFADE EDİLMİŞ VEYA ZIMNİ, UNVAN, İHLAL ETMEME, BÜTÜNLEŞTİRME, TİCARETE ELVERİŞLİLİK VE BELLİ BİR AMACA UYGUNLUK GİBİ ZIMNİ TAAHHÜTLER DE DÂHİL AMA BUNUNLA SINIRLI OLMAMAK ÜZERE, HERHANGİ BİR TÜRDE BİR TAAHHÜT OLMADAN SAĞLANMAKTADIR VE HERHANGİ BİR İFA VEYA TİCARET SIRASINDAKİ BÜTÜN ZIMNİ TAAHHÜTLERDEN AÇIKÇA FERAGAT EDİLMEKTEDİR. FOURSQUARE: (A) HERHANGİ BİR BİLGİNİN ZAMANINDA, YANLIŞSIZ, GÜVENİLİR VE DOĞRU OLDUĞUNU; (B) Platformun HERHANGİ BİR ZAMANDA VEYA YERDE GÜVENİLİR, HATASIZ VEYA MEVCUT OLACAĞINI; © HERHANGİ BİR KUSUR VEYA HATANIN DÜZELTİLECEĞİNİ; (D) Platformda VİRÜS VEYA DİĞER ZARARLI BİLEŞENLERİN OLMAYACAĞINI; VEYA (E) HERHANGİ BİR SONUÇ VEYA NETİCENİN ELDE EDİLEBİLECEĞİNİ TAAHHÜT ETMEZ. Platformu TAMAMEN RİSKİ SİZE AİT OLMAK ÜZERE KULLANMAKTASINIZ.
Foursquare'in hesabınıza yetkisiz erişimi, değiştirilmesi veya kullanılması, iletimler veya veri veya gönderilen veya alınan herhangi bir malzeme veya Platformu yoluyla gönderilmeyen veya alınmayan verilerden sorumlu olmadığını kabul edersiniz. Foursquare'in herhangi bir üçüncü tarafın tehdit edici, onur kırıcı, açık saçık, kanuna aykırı davranışlarından veya diğer içerikten veya fikri mülkiyet hakları da dahil olmak üzere başkasının haklarını ihllal eden içerik veya davranıştan sorumlu olmayacaktır.
FOURSQUARE (VEYA İŞTİRAKLERİ, LİSANS VERENLERİ VE TEDARİKÇİLERİ) HERHANGİ BİR HAK TALEBİNİN VEYA İŞLEMİN BİÇİMİNE (SÖZLEŞME, İHMAL, KUSURSUZ SORUMLULUK VEYA BAŞKA ŞEKİLDE) BAKILMAKSIZIN Platformla İLİŞKİLİ HERHANGİ BİR KONUDAKİ, (A) MAKUL KONTROLÜNÜN ÖTESİNDEKİ BİR KONU, (B) VERİLERİN KAYBI VEYA YANLIŞLIĞI, KULLANIMIN KAYBI VEYA KESİNTİSİ VEYA YEDEK TEKNOLOJİ, MALLAR VEYA HİZMETLER TEDARİK ETMENİN MALİYETİ , (C) İŞ, GELİR, KÂR VEYA İTİBAR KAYBI DÂHİL FAKAT BUNLARLA SINIRLI OLMAMAK ÜZERE DOLAYLI, CEZAİ, TESADÜFİ, MENFİ, ÖZEL, CEZA AMAÇLI VEYA DOLAYLI ZARARLAR VEYA (D) TOPLAMDA 50 ABD DOLARINI AŞAN VEYA ÖNCEKİ 12 AYLIK SÜREDE Platforma ERİŞMEK İÇİN TARAFINIZDAN ÖDENEN ÜCRETLER (HANGİSİ FAZLAYSA) İÇİN, FOURSQUARE'E BU HASARLARIN İHTİMALİNE DAİR BİLGİ VERİLMİŞ OLSA BİLE HİÇBİR ŞEKİLDE SORUMLU OLMAYACAKTIR. BU SINIRLAMALAR BU SÖZLEŞMENİN BÜTÜN DİĞER HÜKÜMLERİNDEN BAĞIMSIZDIR VE BURADA SUNULAN HERHANGİ BİR ÇARENİN BAŞARISIZLIĞA UĞRAMASINA BAKILMAKSIZIN GEÇERLİ OLACAKTIR. VEYA ÖNCEKİ 12 AYLIK SÜREDE Platforma ERİŞMEK İÇİN TARAFINIZDAN ÖDENEN ÜCRETLER (HANGİSİ FAZLAYSA) İÇİN, FOURSQUARE'E BU HASARLARIN İHTİMALİNE DAİR BİLGİ VERİLMİŞ OLSA BİLE HİÇBİR ŞEKİLDE SORUMLU OLMAYACAKTIR. BU SINIRLAMALAR BU SÖZLEŞMENİN BÜTÜN DİĞER HÜKÜMLERİNDEN BAĞIMSIZDIR VE BURADA SUNULAN HERHANGİ BİR ÇARENİN BAŞARISIZLIĞA UĞRAMASINA BAKILMAKSIZIN GEÇERLİ OLACAKTIR.
BAZI EYALETLER VE DİĞER YETKİ ALANLARI TESADÜFİ VEYA DOLAYLI ZARARLARIN HARİÇ TUTULMASINA VEYA SINIRLANMASINA İZİN VERMEZ, BU YÜZDEN YUKARIDAKİ SINIRLAMALAR VE HARİÇ TUTMALAR SİZİN İÇİN GEÇERLİ OLMAYABİLİR.
(a) Foursquare'i ve çalışanlarını, yüklenicilerini, memurlarını, yöneticilerini ve temsilcilerini Platformu kullanmanızdan veya yanlış kullanmanızdan kaynaklanan herhangi bir davaya veya hukuk davasına, başka herhangi bir kullanıcıyla veya başka bir üçüncü tarafla yapılan, sizin dâhil olduğunuz herhangi bir işleme veya muamelelere veya bu Sözleşme kapsamındaki beyanlarınızı, garantilerinizi veya taahhütlerinizi ihlal etmenize karşı savunmayı, (b) Foursquare'i bu tür bir hak talebi yüzünden verilen ve bunlardan kaynaklanan uzlaşma tutarları veya zararlar, sorumluluklar, masraflar ve harcamalar (makul avukat ücretleri dâhil) için tazmin etmeyi kabul edersiniz. Foursquare başka bir şekilde sizin tazmin etmenize tabi olan herhangi bir konunun münhasır savunmasını ve kontrolünü ele alma hakkını saklı tutar; bu durumda mevcut savunmanın ortaya koyulması için Foursquare'e yardım edecek ve onunla işbirliği yapacaksınız.
Sözleşmenin ve elektronik biçimde verilen herhangi bir bildirimin basılı bir versiyonu Sözleşmeye dayalı veya onunla ilgili adli veya idari muamelelerde özgün olarak basılı biçimde oluşturulan ve tutulan diğer iş belgeleri ve kayıtlarıyla aynı ölçüde ve aynı koşullara tabi olarak kabul edilebilecektir.
Sözleşme (idare ve hukuk ihtilafı kurallarına hariç) New York Eyaleti ve Amerika Birleşik Devletleri yasalarına göre tefsir edilir. ABD ve yabancı kanunlar arasında herhangi bir ihtilaf durumunda, tüzük ve yönetmelikler, ABD yasaları, kuralları ve düzenlemeleri hükmedicidir. Uluslararası Satış Sözleşmelerine ilişkin Birleşmiş Milletler Antlaşması bu Sözleşmede uygulanmayacaktır. Sözleşmeden veya Platformun kullanılmasından kaynaklanan veya onunla ilgili herhangi bir hak talebi veya dava için sadece New York, New York, ABD’deki eyalet veya federal mahkemelerin yargı yetkisi olduğunu açıkça kabul etmekte ve herhangi bir hak talebi veya dava açma amacıyla söz konusu mahkemelerin yargı yetkisini kabul etmekte ve onlara rıza göstermektesiniz. Sözleşmenin, bu bölüm de dâhil ama bununla sınırlı olmamak üzere bütün hükümlerini yürürlüğe koymayan herhangi bir yargı yetkisinde Platformun kullanılması yetkilendirilmemiştir.
Bu Sözleşme, belli hizmetlerle ilgili olarak Foursquare ile yapmış olduğunız diğer yazılı sözleşmelere ek olarak Platform ile ilgili Foursquare ile aranızdaki bütün sözleşmenin tamamını oluşturur ve Platform ile ilgili siz ve Foursquare arasında daha önceki veya eşzamanlı iletişim ve tekliflerin (ister sözlü sözlü, isterse yazılı veya elektronik olsun) yerine geçer. Bu Kullanım Koşullarının herhangi bir hükmünün uygulanamaz veya geçersiz olduğu tespit edilirse, söz konusu hüküm, bu Kullanım koşullarının tam olarak yürürlükte ve uygulanabilir olarak kalması için, gerekli asgari ölçüde sınırlandırılacak veya kaldırılacaktır.
Sözleşme kapsamındaki haklarınız ve yükümlülükleriniz size özeldir ve Foursquare'in önceden yazılı rızasının olduğu haller dışında tarafınızdan devredilemez, temlik edilemez veya alt lisanslanamaz. Foursquare, rıza olmadan bu Sözleşme kapsamındaki haklarının ve yükümlülüklerinin herhangi birini temlik, devir veya tevkil edebilir. Bu Sözleşmede aksi belirtilen haller dışında bütün feragatler, rızalar ve değişiklikler her iki tarafça imzalanmış bir yazı halinde olmalıdır. Platform veya Sözleşmenin sonucu olarak hiçbir aracılık, ortaklık, ortak girişim veya istihdam ilişkisi oluşturulmaz ve hiçbir taraf diğer tarafı herhangi bir bakımdan bağlama yetkisine sahip değildir. Bu Sözleşme kapsamındaki bütün bildirimler (elektronik olanlar dâhil) yazılı olacak ve kişisel olarak teslim edilmiş veya taahhütlü veya iadeli taahhütlü postayla gönderilmişse alındığı zaman; faks, e-posta veya hizmet yoluyla aktarıldıysa alındığı elektronik olarak teyit edildiği zaman; ya da bilinen bir tek günde teslim hizmetiyle sonraki gün teslimat için gönderildiyse gönderilmesinden sonraki gün usulünce verilmiş sayılacaktır.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!


--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Terakhir diperbarui: 24 April 2012
BACALAH KETENTUAN PENGGUNAAN INI (“PERJANJIAN” ATAU "KETENTUAN PENGGUNAAN") DENGAN SAKSAMA SEBELUM MENGGUNAKAN LAYANAN YANG DITAWARKAN OLEH FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"). PERJANJIAN INI MENGURAIKAN SYARAT DAN KETENTUAN YANG MENGIKAT SECARA HUKUM UNTUK PENGGUNAAN ANDA ATAS PLATFORM LOKA DAN ACARA RESMI FOURSQUARE ("PLATFORM"). DENGAN MENDAFTAR DAN/ATAU MENGGUNAKAN PLATFORM DENGAN CARA APA PUN, ANDA SETUJU UNTUK DIIKAT DENGAN PERJANJIAN INI. PERJANJIAN INI BERLAKU UNTUK SEMUA PENGGUNA PLATFORM. SEMUA ISTILAH YANG DIDEFINISIKAN DALAM DOKUMEN INI HANYA BERLAKU UNTUK PERJANJIAN INI.
Platform memungkinkan pemilik, pengelola, perencana acara, dan manajer sah lain ("Manajer") dari (a) restoran, hotel, bar, toko, teater, stadion, dan loka barang dan layanan lain ("Loka") dan/atau (b) konser, bioskop, acara olahraga, pesta, acara sosial, dan acara lain ("Acara") untuk mengedit dan mengoreksi perincian Loka dan/atau Acara mereka di basis data Foursquare, melihat analisis penggunaan layanan 'foursquare' Foursquare ("Layanan") di Loka dan/atau Acara mereka dan menghadiahi pelanggan dengan penawaran khusus ("Penawaran Khusus") yang memilih untuk check-in di foursquare di Loka dan/atau Acara yang mereka kelola di foursquare. Untuk jelasnya, Manajer Loka dapat menjalankan Penawaran Khusus di Loka Manajer tersebut namun tidak dapat menjalankan Penawaran Khusus pada Acara yang diadakan di Loka tersebut kecuali Manajer tersebut adalah Manajer Acara tersebut juga. Sama halnya, Manajer Acara dapat menjalankan Penawaran Khusus pada Acara tersebut namun tidak dapat menjalankan Penawaran Khusus di Loka tempat diadakannya Acara Manajer tersebut kecuali Manajer tersebut adalah Manajer Loka tersebut juga.
Platform ditawarkan untuk diterima tanpa modifikasi pada seluruh syarat dan ketentuan yang tercantum di sini, yang mencakup seluruh ketentuan penggunaan dan peraturan, kebijakan, dan prosedur kerja lain yang dapat dipublikasikan dari waktu ke waktu pada Platform atau situs web Foursquare (sekarang ada di www.foursquare.com, "Situs"), yang semuanya dicantumkan di sini dengan penyebutannya.
Foursquare berhak untuk memodifikasi atau mengakhiri Platform atas alasan apa pun, tanpa pemberitahuan, kapan saja. Foursquare berhak untuk mengubah Ketentuan Pengguna ini atau kebijakan Platform lain kapan saja dan memberitahukan kepada Anda tentang perubahan material dengan memposting pemberitahuan melalui Platform. "Perubahan material" akan ditentukan atas pertimbangan Foursquare sendiri, dengan itikad baik, dan menggunakan akal sehat dan pertimbangan wajar.
Untuk mengklaim Loka atau Acara, Manajer harus diundang dan/atau disetujui oleh Foursquare dan menyelesaikan proses verifikasi yang berlaku untuk Loka atau Acara tersebut untuk menjadi "Loka yang Disetujui" atau "Acara yang Disetujui", sebagaimana relevan, dan untuk mengakses PlatformLayanan. Apabila Anda mendaftar sebagai entitas bisnis, Anda menyatakan dan menjamin bahwa Anda berhak untuk mengikat entitas tersebut pada Perjanjian ini. Atas pertimbangannya sendiri, Foursquare dapat menolak untuk menawarkan PlatformLayanan kepada orang atau entitas mana pun dan mengubah kriteria kelayakan pada setiap waktu. Ketentuan Penggunaan ini tidak berlaku sepanjang dilarang oleh hukum yang berlaku dan hak untuk mengakses PlatformLayanan dicabut dalam yurisdiksi tersebut.
Setiap Manajer harus menyelesaikan proses pendaftaran dengan memberikan kepada Foursquare informasi yang terkini, lengkap, dan akurat, sebagaimana ditentukan lebih spesifik dalam prosedur pendaftaran dan verifikasi yang berlaku. Anda menyatakan dan menjamin bahwa seluruh informasi pendaftaran yang Anda serahkan adalah akurat dan benar. Foursquare akan menggunakan informasi kontak dan yang lainnya yang Anda berikan untuk memverifikasi identitas Anda dan Anda dengan ini menyetujui Foursquare menghubungi Anda secara langsung atau melalui sarana otomatis untuk melakukannya. Anda hanya bertanggung jawab atas semua kegiatan yang terjadi pada akun Anda dan bertanggung jawab untuk menjaga kerahasiaan kata sandi Platform Anda. Anda tidak akan pernah menggunakan akun pengguna lain tanpa izin tegas dari pengguna lain tersebut. Anda akan segera menyampaikan pemberitahuan tertulis kepada Foursquare tentang penggunaan ilegal akun Anda, atau akun lain terkait dengan pelanggaran keamanan yang Anda ketahui. Anda setuju bahwa Foursquare tidak dapat dan tidak akan bertanggung jawab atas kerugian atau kerusakan yang timbul dari kegagalan Anda untuk menjaga keamanan kata sandi Anda.
Anda harus menjaga informasi akun Anda tetap terkini dan akurat setiap waktu, termasuk alamat email dan nomor telepon yang valid. Anda tidak dapat mengalihkan atau menjual akun Foursquare Anda kepada pihak lain.
Fitur tertentu Platform dan/atau layanan dan produk tertentu yang diberikan kepada Anda melalui Platform dapat dikenakan pembayaran sekarang atau di kemudian hari ("Layanan Berbayar"). Foursquare menggunakan pengolah pembayaran pihak ketiga ("Pengolah Pembayaran") untuk menagih kepada Anda melalui rekening pembayaran yang ditautkan ke akun Anda pada Platform ("Rekening Penagihan" Anda) untuk penggunaan Layanan Berbayar. Pengolahan pembayaran akan tunduk pada syarat, ketentuan, dan kebijakan privasi Pengolah Pembayaran selain Perjanjian ini. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas kesalahan oleh Pengolah Pembayaran. Dengan memilih untuk menggunakan Layanan Berbayar, Anda setuju untuk membayar kepada Foursquare, melalui Pengolah Pembayaran, segala biaya dengan harga yang berlaku atas penggunaan Layanan Berbayar tersebut sesuai dengan ketentuan pembayaran yang berlaku dan Anda menyetujui agar Foursquare, melalui Pengolah Pembayaran, menagih ke penyedia pembayaran yang Anda pilih ("Metode Pembayaran"). Anda setuju untuk melakukan pembayaran dengan menggunakan Metode Pembayaran yang dipilih tersebut. Foursquare berhak untuk memperbaiki galat atau kesalahan yang dilakukannya meskipun Foursquare telah meminta atau menerima pembayaran.
Anda mengakui dan menyetujui bahwa Platform dan seluruh konten, informasi, dan materi lain yang tersedia melalui Platform dilindungi hak cipta, merek dagang, merek jasa, paten, rahasia dagang atau hak dan undang-undang hak milik lain atau undang-undang privasi, dan Foursquare (dan pemberi lisensinya) memiliki dan memegang seluruh hak, titel, dan kepentingan (termasuk seluruh hak kekayaan intelektual dan hak milik) di dalamnya dan atasnya. Kecuali dan hanya sepanjang disetujui secara tegas oleh Foursquare, Anda setuju untuk tidak atau mengizinkan pihak ketiga untuk menjual, melisensikan, menyewakan, mengubah, mendistribusikan, menyalin, mereproduksi, mengirim, menampilkan secara publik, memajankan secara publik, mempublikasikan, mengadaptasi, mengedit, atau membuat karya derivatif dari Platform atau konten, informasi, dan materi lain tersebut.
Untuk tujuan Ketentuan Penggunaan, istilah "Konten" termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada komentar tertulis, informasi, data, teks, foto, perangkat lunak, tulisan, grafik, dan konten lain.
Dengan mengunggah, memposting, menyerahkan atau mendistribusikan Konten ("Penyerahan Pengguna") melalui Platform atau cara lain yang Anda berikan kepada Foursquare, dengan ini Anda:
Foursquare berhak untuk menggunakan, mereproduksi, mengalihkan, mensublisensikan dan memanfaatkan tempat, loka, garis lintang dan garis bujur, atau informasi lokasi lain yang Anda serahkan, unggah, posting, buat atau tambahkan ke Platform (termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, sehubungan dengan Layanan).
Sebagai ketentuan penggunaan, Anda berjanji untuk tidak menggunakan Platform untuk tujuan yang dilarang oleh Ketentuan Penggunaan. Anda bertanggung jawab atas semua kegiatan sehubungan dengan Platform.
Melalui contoh, dan bukan sebagai pembatasan, Anda tidak akan (dan tidak akan mengizinkan pihak ketiga untuk) (a) melakukan tindakan atau (b) mengunggah, mengunduh, memposting, menyerahkan atau mendistribusikan atau memfasilitasi distribusi Konten pada atau melalui Platform, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, Penyerahan Pengguna, yang:
Apabila Penyerahan Pengguna memuat foto, Pedoman Foto foursquare akan berlaku.
Anda tidak akan (secara langsung atau tidak langsung):
Foursquare tidak menjamin bahwa Konten atau Penyerahan Pengguna akan tersedia melalui Platform. Foursquare tidak bertanggung jawab untuk memantau Platform, Konten, atau Penyerahan Pengguna. Tetapi, Foursquare berhak untuk (a) menghapus, mengedit, atau memodifikasi Konten atas kebijaksanaannya sendiri, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, Penyerahan Pengguna dari Platform pada setiap waktu, tanpa pemberitahuan kepada Anda dan untuk alasan apa pun (termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, saat diterimanya klaim atau tuduhan dari pihak ketiga atau otoritas terkait dengan Konten tersebut atau apabila Foursquare menganggap bahwa Anda telah melanggar Ketentuan Penggunaan), atau tanpa alasan apa pun dan (b) menghapus atau memblok Penyerahan Pengguna dari Platform. Foursquare juga berhak untuk mengakses, membaca, menyimpan, dan mengungkapkan informasi yang diyakini diperlukan oleh Foursquare untuk (i) mematuhi hukum, peraturan perundang-undangan, proses hukum atau permintaan pemerintah yang berlaku, (ii) memberlakukan Ketentuan Penggunaan ini, termasuk investigasi atas pelanggaran potensial terhadap Ketentuan ini, (iii) mendeteksi, mencegah, atau menanggapi isu penipuan, keamanan atau teknis, (iv) menanggapi permintaan dukungan pengguna, atau (v) melindungi hak, aset atau keselamatan foursquare, penggunanya, dan publik.
Perjanjian ini mencantumkan Kebijakan Privasi Foursquare, yang mencakup perlakuan Foursquare atas informasi pribadi dan data lain yang foursquare kumpulkan saat Anda mengakses Platform. Untuk kejelasan, informasi yang Anda serahkan dalam proses verifikasi klaim akan disimpan dan digunakan oleh foursquare sehubungan dengan proses tersebut.
Sehubungan dengan Platform, Anda dapat memperoleh informasi pribadi, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada nama akun twitter, nama depan dan belakang, kota dan negara lokasi sekarang, jumlah frekuensi jalan-jalan, check-in dan hal-hal yang dilakukan di foursquare dan jumlah teman di foursquare (dengan sepuluh yang ditampilkan) dari pengguna layanan foursquare. Tanpa memperoleh izin terlebih dahulu dari Foursquare atau pengguna, informasi pribadi ini hanya akan digunakan oleh Anda untuk melihat penggunaan foursquare di loka Anda dan Anda tidak dapat menggunakan atau mengungkapkan informasi tersebut untuk tujuan lain. Foursquare tidak memberikan kepada Anda suatu lisensi untuk menggunakan informasi atas pesan komersial yang tidak diminta. Tanpa membatasi hal di atas, tanpa persetujuan tegas dari pengguna, Anda tidak diberi lisensi untuk menambahkan pengguna foursquare ke email atau daftar surat fisik Anda. Anda setuju untuk melakukan langkah wajar secara komersial, sesuai dengan hukum, peraturan dan perundang-undangan yang berlaku, untuk melindungi semua data dan informasi pengguna foursquare dari penggunaan, pengungkapan atau akses ilegal oleh pihak ketiga.
Foursquare dapat mengakhiri akses pengguna ke semua atau sebagian dari Platform pada setiap waktu, dengan atau tanpa sebab, dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan, yang segera berlaku. Apabila Anda bermaksud mengakhiri pendaftaran dan akun Anda, Anda dapat melakukannya setiap waktu dengan mengikuti perintah pada Platform.
Pada saat pengakhiran, seluruh hak dan kewajiban para pihak akan berhenti dan Anda akan segera berhenti menggunakan Platform, kecuali bahwa (a) seluruh kewajiban yang terakumulasi sebelum tanggal pengakhiran yang berlaku (termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, seluruh kewajiban pembayaran) dan seluruh upaya perbaikan atas pelanggaran Perjanjian akan tetap berlaku dan (b) ketentuan Pasal 5, 7 dan 9 - 14 akan tetap berlaku. Setelah pengakhiran, Foursquare tidak wajib memelihara konten dalam akun pengguna atau meneruskan pesan yang tidak terbaca atau tidak terkirim kepada Anda atau pengguna layanan "Foursquare" atau pihak lain.
Platform DISEDIAKAN "APA ADANYA" DAN "SEBAGAIMANA TERSEDIA". Platform DISEDIAKAN TANPA JAMINAN APA PUN, SECARA TEGAS ATAU TERSIRAT, TERMASUK NAMUN TIDAK TERBATAS PADA, JAMINAN TERSIRAT ATAS HAK, TIDAK ADANYA PELANGGARAN, INTEGRASI, KEMAMPUAN UNTUK DIJUAL, DAN KELAYAKAN UNTUK TUJUAN TERTENTU, DAN JAMINAN YANG TERSIRAT DALAM PELAKSANAAN ATAU PENGGUNAAN DAGANG, YANG SEMUANYA DIINGKARI SECARA TEGAS. FOURSQUARE TIDAK MENJAMIN BAHWA: (A) INFORMASI AKAN DIBERIKAN SECARA TEPAT WAKTU, AKURAT, ANDAL ATAU BENAR; (B) Platform AKAN AMAN, BEBAS DARI KESALAHAN, TIDAK TERGANGGU ATAU TERSEDIA PADA WAKTU ATAU TEMPAT TERTENTU; (C) KEKURANGAN ATAU KESALAHAN AKAN DIPERBAIKI; (D) Platform AKAN BEBAS DARI VIRUS ATAU KOMPONEN BERBAHAYA LAIN; ATAU (E) HASIL ATAU KELUARAN DAPAT DICAPAI. PENGGUNAAN Platform INI OLEH ANDA ADALAH ATAS RISIKO ANDA SENDIRI.
Anda setuju bahwa Foursquare tidak bertanggung jawab atas akses ilegal ke, perubahan atau penggunaan akun, pengiriman atau data Anda, atau materi atau data yang dikirim atau diterima atau tidak dikirim atau tidak diterima melalui Platform. Anda setuju bahwa Foursquare tidak bertanggung jawab atas konten atau perilaku yang mengancam, mencemarkan nama baik, cabul, ofensif, ilegal atau yang lainnya oleh pihak ketiga atau pelanggaran hak pihak lain, termasuk hak kekayaan intelektual.
DALAM HAL APA PUN FOURSQUARE (ATAU AFILIASI, PEMBERI LISENSI, DAN PEMASOKNYA) TIDAK BERTANGGUNG JAWAB ATAS HAL YANG TERKAIT DENGAN Platform, TERLEPAS DARI BENTUK KLAIM ATAU GUGATAN (BAIK DALAM KONTRAK, KARENA KELALAIAN, TANGGUNG JAWAB, ATAU YANG LAINNYA), ATAS HAL APA PUN DI LUAR KENDALI WAJARNYA, (B) KEHILANGAN ATAU KETIDAKAKURATAN DATA, KERUGIAN ATAU GANGGUAN PENGGUNAAN, ATAU BIAYA PENGADAAN TEKNOLOGI, BARANG ATAU LAYANAN PENGGANTI, (C) GANTI RUGI TIDAK LANGSUNG, YANG MENGHUKUM, INSIDENTAL, YANG BERGANTUNG PADA JANJI YANG TIDAK DAPAT DIPENUHI, MATERIIL, ATAU KONSEKUENSIAL TERMASUK NAMUN TIDAK TERBATAS PADA HILANGNYA BISNIS, PENDAPATAN, LABA, ATAU MUHIBAH, ATAU (D) TOTAL GANTI RUGI LEBIH DARI US$50.00 ATAU BIAYA YANG ANDA BAYAR UNTUK AKSES KE Platform DALAM JANGKA WAKTU 12 BULAN SEBELUMNYA, TERGANTUNG YANG MANA YANG LEBIH BESAR, MESKIPUN FOURSQUARE TELAH DIBERI TAHU TENTANG KEMUNGKINAN GANTI RUGI TERSEBUT. PEMBATASAN TERSEBUT TIDAK TERIKAT PADA SEMUA KETENTUAN LAIN DALAM PERJANJIAN INI DAN AKAN BERLAKU TERLEPAS DARI KEGAGALAN UPAYA PERBAIKAN YANG DISEBUTKAN DI SINI.
BEBERAPA NEGARA BAGIAN DAN YURISDIKSI LAIN TIDAK MENGIZINKAN PENGINGKARAN ATAU PEMBATASAN TANGGUNG JAWAB ATAS GANTI RUGI INSIDENTAL ATAU KONSEKUENSIAL, SEHINGGA PEMBATASAN DAN PENGINGKARAN DI ATAS TIDAK DAPAT BERLAKU PADA ANDA.
Anda setuju untuk (a) melindungi Foursquare dan karyawan, kontraktor, pejabat, direktur, dan wakilnya dari gugatan atau tuntutan yang timbul dari penggunaan Anda atau penyalahgunaan Platform, transaksi atau kesepakatan lain dengan pengguna atau pihak ketiga lain di mana Anda terlibat, atau pelanggaran Anda atas pernyataan, jaminan atau janji Anda dalam Perjanjian ini dan (b) menjamin Foursquare atas jumlah pembayaran atau ganti rugi, kewajiban, ongkos, dan biaya (termasuk biaya pengacara yang wajar) yang diputuskan dan timbul dari klaim tersebut. Foursquare berhak untuk memiliki pembelaan dan kendali eksklusif atas hal-hal yang harus dijamin oleh Anda, di mana Anda akan membantu dan bekerja sama dengan Foursquare dalam melakukan pembelaan yang tersedia.
Versi cetak Perjanjian dan pemberitahuan yang disampaikan dalam bentuk elektronik harus dapat menjadi bukti kuat dalam gugatan di pengadilan atau gugatan administratif berdasarkan atau terkait dengan Perjanjian sepanjang dan tunduk pada ketentuan yang sama dengan dokumen dan catatan bisnis lain yang memang dibuat dan disimpan dalam bentuk cetak.
Perjanjian ini diatur oleh dan ditafsirkan sesuai dengan hukum Negara Bagian New York (kecuali aturan tentang perbedaan hukum) dan Amerika Serikat. Apabila terjadi perbedaan antara hukum dan peraturan perundang-undangan AS dengan hukum dan peraturan perundang-undangan asing, maka hukum dan peraturan perundang-undangan AS akan berlaku. Konvensi PBB tentang Kontrak Penjualan Barang Internasional tidak berlaku pada Perjanjian ini. Anda menyetujui secara tegas bahwa yurisdiksi khusus untuk klaim atau gugatan yang timbul dari atau terkait dengan Perjanjian atau penggunaan Platform akan diajukan hanya di pengadilan negara bagian atau federal yang berlokasi di New York, New York, AS, dan Anda meyetujui dan tunduk pada praktik yurisdiksi pengadilan tersebut untuk tujuan litigasi klaim atau gugatan tersebut. Penggunaan Platform tidak disetujui di yurisdiksi yang tidak memberlakukan seluruh ketentuan Perjanjian, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada, bagian ini.
Perjanjian ini, selain perjanjian tertulis lain, yang dapat Anda buat dengan Foursquare tentang layanan tertentu, merupakan seluruh perjanjian antara Anda dan Foursquare tentang Platform, dan menggantikan seluruh komunikasi dan usulan sebelumnya atau serentak (baik lisan, tertulis atau elektronik) antara Anda dan Foursquare tentang Platform. Apabila ketentuan dalam Perjanjian menjadi tidak dapat diberlakukan atau tidak berlaku, ketentuan tersebut akan terbatas atau dihapus sepanjang diperlukan sehingga Perjanjian akan tetap berlaku penuh dan dapat diberlakukan.
Hak dan kewajiban dalam Perjanjian adalah pribadi untuk Anda, dan tidak dapat dialihkan, dipindahkan atau disublisensikan oleh Anda kecuali dengan persetujuan tertulis terlebih dahulu dari Foursquare. Foursquare dapat mengalihkan, mentransfer atau memindahkan hak dan kewajibannya dalam Perjanjian ini tanpa persetujuan. Seluruh pelepasan, persetujuan dan modifikasi harus dibuat secara tertulis dan ditandatangani oleh para pihak, kecuali sebagaimana ditentukan lain dalam Perjanjian ini. Lembaga, kemitraan, joint venture, atau hubungan kerja tidak dibuat sebagai akibat dari Platform atau Perjanjian, dan satu pihak tidak memiliki wewenang apa pun untuk mengikat pihak lainnya dalam hal apa pun. Semua pemberitahuan berdasarkan Perjanjian ini akan dibuat secara tertulis (termasuk secara elektronik) dan akan dianggap telah disampaikan saat diterima, apabila dikirimkan atau diserahkan secara langsung dengan surat resmi atau terdaftar, tanda terima diminta; saat tanda terima dikonfirmasi secara elektronik, apabila dikirimkan dengan faksimile, email atau melalui layanan tersebut; atau sehari setelah pemberitahuan dikirim, apabila dikirimkan untuk hari berikutnya dengan jasa pengiriman kilat.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!


--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Última atualização: 24 de abril de 2012
LEIA CUIDADOSAMENTE ESTES TERMOS DE USO (“ACORDO” OU “TERMOSDE USO”) ANTES DE UTILIZAR OS SERVIÇOS OFERECIDOS PELA FOURSQUARE LABS, INC.("FOURSQUARE"). ESTE ACORDO ESTABELECE OS TERMOS E CONDIÇÕES OBRIGATÓRIOS POR LEI PARA USO DA PLATAFORMA DE LUGAR E EVENTO AUTORIZADA DA FOURSQUARE (A "PLATAFORMA"). REGISTRANDO-SE E/OU UTILIZANDO A PLATAFORMA DE QUALQUER MANEIRA, VOCÊ CONCORDA EM CUMPRIR ESTE ACORDO. ESTE ACORDO É APLICÁVEL A TODOS OS USUÁRIOS DA PLATAFORMA. TODOS OS TERMOS DEFINIDOS AQUI USADOS DEVEM SER APLICÁVEIS EXCLUSIVAMENTE A ESTE ACORDO.
A Plataforma permite que proprietários, organizadores, planejadores de eventos e outros gerentes autorizados ("Gerentes") de (a) restaurantes, hotéis, bares, lojas, teatros, estádios e outros estabelecimentos de mercadorias e serviços ("Estabelecimentos") e/ou (b) shows, filmes, eventos esportivos, festas, eventos sociais e outros eventos ("Eventos") editem e corrijam os detalhes do seu Estabelecimento e/ou Evento no banco de dados do Foursquare, vejam os dados de análise de uso do serviço 'foursquare' do Foursquare (o "Serviço") nos seus Estabelecimentos e/ou Eventos e recompensem com ofertas especiais ("Ofertas especiais") os clientes que optarem por fazer check-in no Foursquare nos Estabelecimentos e/ou Eventos que eles gerenciam. Para fins de esclarecimento, o gerente de um Estabelecimento pode fazer Ofertas especiais no Estabelecimento do tal gerente mas não pode fazer Ofertas especiais em um Evento que ocorra neste Estabelecimento a menos que esse gerente também seja o gerente do Evento. Da mesma forma, o gerente de um Evento pode fazer Ofertas especiais em tal Evento, mas não pode fazer Ofertas especiais no Estabelecimento onde o Evento de tal gerente está sendo realizado a menos que esse gerente também seja gerente do Estabelecimento.
A A Plataforma é oferecida dependendo da aceitação sem alteração de todos os termos e condições aqui contidos, que incluem todos os termos de uso e outras regras, políticas e procedimentos operacionais, que podem ser publicados ocasionalmente na Plataforma ou no site do Foursquare (atualmente no endereço www.foursquare.com, o "Site"), cada um dos quais é incorporado por referência.
O Foursquare se reserva o direito de modificar ou encerrar a Plataforma por qualquer motivo, sem aviso prévio, a qualquer momento. O Foursquare reserva-se o direito de alterar estes Termos de Uso ou outras políticas da Plataforma a qualquer momento e notificá-lo de alterações materiais ao postar avisos na própria Plataforma. O que constitui uma "alteração material" será determinado a critério exclusivo do Foursquare, de boa fé e usando o bom senso e julgamento razoável.
Para registrar um estabelecimento ou evento, o gerente precisa ser convidado e/ou aprovado pelo Foursquare e concluir o processo de verificação aplicável para tal estabelecimento ou evento se tornar um "Estabelecimento autorizado" ou um "Evento autorizado", conforme aplicável, e para acessar a Plataforma de serviço. Se você estiver fazendo o resgistro como uma entidade de negócios, você representa e garante que possui a autorização de fazer a empresa cumprir este Acordo. O Foursquare pode, a seu exclusivo critério, recusar-se a oferecer a Plataforma de serviço para qualquer pessoa ou entidade e mudar os critérios de elegibilidade a qualquer momento. Estes Termos de Uso tornam-se nulos quando for proibido pela legislação aplicável e o direito de acessar a Plataforma de serviço é revogado nessas jurisdições.
Cada gerente deverá concluir o processo de registro fornecendo ao Foursquare informações atuais, completas e precisas, especificamente exigida pelos procedimentos de registro e verificação atuais. Você declara e garante que todas as informações de registro que você enviar são precisas e verdadeiras. O Foursquare usará as informações de contato e outras que você fornecer para verificar sua identidade, e você consente que o Foursquare o contate diretamente ou através de meios automatizados. Você é o único responsável por todas as atividades que ocorrem em sua conta e será responsável por manter a confidencialidade de sua senha da Plataforma. Você nunca deverá usar a conta de outro usuário sem sua autorização prévia e expressa. Você deverá notificar imediatamente por escrito o Foursquare sobre qualquer uso não autorizado de sua conta ou qualquer outra violação de segurança relacionada a uma conta de que você esteja ciente. Você concorda que o Foursquare não pode e não será responsável por qualquer perda ou dano resultante de sua incapacidade em manter sua senha segura.
Você deve sempre manter as informações da sua conta atualizadas e exatas, incluindo endereço de email e número de telefone válidos. Você não deve transferir nem vender sua conta Foursquare para terceiros.
Determinados recursos da Plataforma e/ou certos serviços e produtos disponíveis para você por meio da Plataforma podem estar sujeitos à cobrança atual ou no futuro (“Serviços pagos”). O Foursquare usa um processador de pagamentos terceirizado (o “Processador de pagamentos”) que lhe cobrará por meio de uma conta de cobrança vinculada à sua conta na Plataforma (sua “Conta de cobrança”) usada pelos Serviços pagos. O processamento dos pagamentos estará sujeito aos termos, condições e políticas de privacidade do Processador de pagamentos e deste Acordo. Nós não nos responsabilizamos pelos erros do Processador de pagamentos. Ao optar por usar os Serviços pagos, você concorda em pagar para o Foursquare, por meio do Processador de pagamentos, todas as cobranças nos preços vigentes da época, para qualquer uso de tais Serviços pagos, de acordo com os termos aplicáveis de pagamento, e você autoriza o Foursquare, por meio do Processador de pagamentos, a cobrar seu provedor de pagamentos da sua escolha (seu “Método de pagamento”). Você concorda em realizar o pagamento usando o Método de pagamento selecionado. O Foursquare se reserva o direito de corrigir quaisquer erros ou falhas que ocorrerem mesmo que o pagamento já tenha sido solicitado ou recebido.
Você confirma e concorda que a Plataforma e todo o conteúdo, informações e outros materiais disponibilizados pela Plataforma são protegidos por leis de direito autoral, marcas comerciais, marcas de serviço, patentes, segredos industriais ou outros direitos e leis proprietários ou leis de privacidade, e o Foursquare (e seus licenciadores) possuirão e reterão todos os direitos, títulos e interesses (incluindo todos os direitos proprietários e de propriedade intelectual) aqui previstos. Exceto quando expressamente autorizado pelo Foursquare, você concorda em não permitir um terceiro a vender, licenciar, alugar, modificar, distribuir, copiar, reproduzir, transmitir, exibir publicamente, executar publicamente, publicar, adaptar, editar nem criar trabalhos derivados da Plataforma ou desse conteúdo, informação e outros materiais.
Para as finalidades dos Termos de Uso, o termo "Conteúdo" inclui, sem limitação, comentários escritos, informações, dados, texto, fotografias, software, scripts, gráficos e outros conteúdos.
Ao fazer upload, postar, enviar ou distribuir qualquer Conteúdo ("Envios de Usuário") por meio da Plataforma ou que seja fornecido ao Foursquare de outra maneira, você:
O Foursquare terá o direito de usar, reproduzir, transferir, sublicenciar e explorar perpetuamente qualquer lugar, estabelecimento, latitude e longitude ou outras informações de localização que você envie, carregue, poste, crie ou adicione à Plataforma (incluindo, sem limitações, em relação ao Serviço).
Como condição de uso, você promete não usar a Plataforma para qualquer finalidade que seja proibida por estes Termos de Uso. Você é responsável por todas as suas atividades em conexão com a Plataforma.
A título de exemplo, e não como uma limitação, você não deve (e não deve permitir o mesmo a terceiros) (a) realizar qualquer ação ou (b) fazer upload, download, publicar, enviar, distribuir ou facilitar a distribuição de qualquer Conteúdo no, ou através da Plataforma, incluindo, sem limitação, qualquer Envio de Usuário, que:
Se o Envio de Usuário inclui uma fotografia, as Diretrizes de fotografia do Foursquare serão aplicadas.
Você não deve (direta ou indiretamente):
O Foursquare não garante que qualquer Conteúdo ou o Envios de Usuário serão disponibilizados na Plataforma. O Foursquare não tem nenhuma obrigação de monitorar a Plataforma Conteúdo ou Envios de Usuário. Entretanto, o Foursquare se reserva o direito de (a) remover, suspender, editar ou modificar qualquer Conteúdo da Plataforma a seu exclusivo critério, incluindo, sem limitação, qualquer Envio de Usuário a qualquer momento, sem aviso a você e por qualquer motivo (incluindo, mas não limitado a, no recebimento de reivindicações ou alegações de terceiros ou autoridades em relação a tal Conteúdo ou se o Foursquare considerar que você tenha violado os Termos de Uso), ou sem nenhum motivo, e (b) remover ou bloquear qualquer Envio de Usuário da Plataforma. O Foursquare também se reserva o direito de acessar, ler, preservar e divulgar qualquer informação conforme o Foursquare acredita ser razoavelmente necessário para (i) satisfazer qualquer lei, regulamentação, processo legal ou solicitação governamental aplicável, (ii) fazer cumprir estes Termos de Uso, incluindo a investigação de possíveis violações do mesmo, (iii) detectar, impedir ou de outra forma discutir fraude, segurança ou questões técnicas, (iv) responder a pedidos de suporte do usuário ou (v) proteger os direitos, a propriedade ou a segurança do Foursquare, seus usuários e o público.
Este Acordo inclui a Política de Privacidade do Foursquare, que aborda o tratamento dado pelo Foursquare às informações de identificação pessoal e a outros dados coletados pelo Foursquare quando você acessa a Plataforma. Para fins de esclarecimento, as informações enviadas por você durante o processo de verificação de registro serão retidas e usadas pelo Foursquare em conexão com tal processo.
Em conexão com a plataforma, você pode obter informações pessoais, incluindo, mas não se limitando a, o nome da conta de twitter, nome e sobrenome, cidade e estado da atual localização, a quantidade de dias fora, check-ins, as coisas feitas no Foursquare e a quantidade de amigos no Foursquare (sendo exibido dez) dos usuários no Serviço Foursquare. Sem obter autorização prévia do Foursquare ou do usuário aplicável, estas informações pessoais serão utilizadas somente por você para visualizar o uso do Foursquare no seu estabelecimento e você não poderá utilizar ou divulgar tais informações para qualquer outra finalidade. O Foursquare não lhe concedeu uma licença para utilizar as informações para mensagens comerciais não solicitadas. Sem limitar o precedente, sem consentimento expresso do usuário, você não está licenciado para adicionar qualquer usuário do Foursquare à sua lista de e-mail ou correio físico. Você concorda em tomar medidas comercialmente razoáveis, compatíveis com as leis, normas e regulamentos aplicáveis, para proteger todos os dados e informações do usuário do Foursquare de uso não autorizado, divulgação ou acesso por terceiros.
O Foursquare pode cancelar o acesso de qualquer usuário a todo ou qualquer parte da plataforma a qualquer momento, com ou sem motivo, com ou sem aviso prévio, e com efeito imediato. Se você deseja rescindir seu cadastro e conta, poderá fazê-lo a qualquer momento, seguindo as instruções na plataforma.
Em qualquer rescisão, cessam todos os direitos e obrigações das partes e você deve imediatamente parar de usar a plataforma, exceto todas as obrigações acumuladas até a data efetiva de rescisão (incluindo, mas sem limitação a, todas as obrigações de pagamento) e todas as correções de violação do Acordo serão mantidas e (b) as disposições das Seções 5, 7 e 9 a 14 inclusive serão mantidas. Depois da rescisão, o Foursquare não terá nenhuma obrigação de manter qualquer conteúdo em nenhuma conta de usuário ou de encaminhar qualquer mensagem não lida ou não enviada para você ou qualquer usuário do serviço "Foursquare" ou de terceiros.
A Plataforma É FORNECIDA "NO ESTADO EM QUE SE ENCONTRA", "DE ACORDO COM A DISPONIBILIZAÇÃO". A Plataforma É FORNECIDA SEM GARANTIA DE QUALQUER TIPO, EXPRESSA OU IMPLÍCITA, INCLUINDO, MAS NÃO LIMITADO A, GARANTIAS IMPLÍCITAS DE TÍTULO, NÃO VIOLAÇÃO, INTEGRAÇÃO, POSSIBILIDADE DE COMERCIALIZAÇÃO E ADEQUAÇÃO A UMA DETERMINADA FINALIDADE E QUALQUER GARANTIA IMPLÍCITA POR QUALQUER TIPO DE DESEMPENHO OU UTILIZAÇÃO COMERCIAL, QUE SÃO EXPRESSAMENTE ISENTAS. O FOURSQUARE NÃO GARANTE QUE: (A) QUALQUER INFORMAÇÃO SEJA IMEDIATA, EXATA, CONFIÁVEL OU CORRETA; (B) A Plataforma SEJA SEGURA, LIVRE DE ERROS, ININTERRUPTA OU DISPONÍVEL A QUALQUER MOMENTO OU LOCAL DETERMINADO; (C) QUALQUER DEFEITO OU ERRO SERÁ CORRIGIDO; (D) A Plataforma NÃO TERÁ VÍRUS OU OUTRO COMPONENTE PREJUDICIAL; OU (E) QUALQUER RESULTADO POSSA SER ATINGIDO. SEU USO DA Plataforma É DE SUA EXCLUSIVA RESPONSABILIDADE E RISCO.
Você concorda que o Foursquare não será responsável por qualquer acesso não autorizado, alteração ou utilização de sua conta, transmissões ou dados, ou qualquer material ou dados enviados ou recebidos ou não enviados ou recebidos por meio da Plataforma. Você concorda que o Foursquare não é responsável por qualquer conduta ou conteúdo ameaçador, difamatório, obsceno, ofensivo, ilegal ou outra conduta ou conteúdo de qualquer terceiro ou qualquer violação de direitos de outra pessoa, incluindo direitos de propriedade intelectual.
EM NENHUMA HIPÓTESE O FOURSQUARE (OU SEUS AFILIADOS, LICENCIADOS E FORNECEDORES) RESPONDERÁ POR QUALQUER ASSUNTO RELACIONADO À Plataforma, INDEPENDENTE DA FORMA DE QUALQUER RECLAMAÇÃO OU AÇÃO (SEJA EM CONTRATO, NEGLIGÊNCIA, RESPONSABILIDADE ESTRITA OU DE OUTRA FORMA), POR NENHUM(A): (A) ASSUNTO QUE ESTEJA ALÉM DO SEU CONTROLE, (B) PERDA DE DADOS OU DADOS INCORRETOS, PERDA OU INTERRUPÇÃO DO USO OU CUSTO DE BUSCA DE TECNOLOGIA, BENS OU SERVIÇOS SUBSTITUTOS, (C) DANOS INDIRETOS, PUNITIVOS, INCIDENTAIS, DE CONFIANÇA, ESPECIAIS, EXEMPLARES OU CONSEQUENCIAIS, INCLUINDO, SEM LIMITAÇÕES, PERDA DE NEGÓCIOS, RENDAS, LUCROS OU DOAÇÕES OU (D) DANOS COLETIVOS EXCEDENTES A US$ 50,00 OU AS TAXAS PAGAS POR VOCÊ PARA ACESSO À Plataforma DURANTE O PERÍODO DE 12 MESES ANTECEDENTES, O QUE FOR MAIOR, MESMO QUE O FOURSQUARE TENHA SIDO AVISADA DA POSSIBILIDADE DE TAIS DANOS. ESTAS LIMITAÇÕES SÃO INDEPENDENTES DE TODAS AS OUTRAS NORMAS DESTE ACORDO E DEVERÃO SER APLICADAS INDEPENDENTE DO FRACASSO DE QUALQUER SOLUÇÃO AQUI PROPOSTA.
ALGUNS ESTADOS E OUTRAS JURISDIÇÕES NÃO PERMITEM A EXCLUSÃO OU LIMITAÇÃO DE RESPONSABILIDADE POR DANOS INCIDENTAIS OU CONSEQUENCIAIS; PORTANTO, AS LIMITAÇÕES E EXCLUSÕES ACIMA PODEM NÃO SER APLICÁVEIS A VOCÊ.
Você concorda em (a) defender o Foursquare e seus funcionários, contratantes, administradores, diretores e representantes contra qualquer ação ou processo que decorra do seu uso ou mau uso da Plataforma, qualquer transação ou outras negociações com qualquer outro usuário ou terceiro nas quais você esteja envolvido, ou sua violação de qualquer das suas declarações, garantias ou compromissos de acordo com este Acordo e (b) indenizar o Foursquare pelos valores de compensação ou danos, responsabilidades, custos e despesas (incluindo honorários advocatícios cabíveis) incorridos e derivados dessa reivindicação. O Foursquare reserva-se o direito de assumir a defesa exclusiva e o controle de qualquer assunto sujeito a indenização por você, no qual você ajudará e cooperará com o Foursquare a apoiar qualquer defesa disponível.
Uma versão impressa do Acordo e de qualquer aviso feito em formato eletrônico serão admissíveis nos processos jurídicos ou administrativos e, baseados em ou relacionados ao Acordo, na mesma medida e sujeita às mesmas condições de outros documentos e registros comerciais originalmente gerados e mantidos em formato impresso.
O Acordo será regido e interpretado de acordo com as leis do Estado de Nova Iorque (excluindo seus conflitos de leis) e dos Estados Unidos da América. Em caso de qualquer conflito entre as leis, regras e regulamentos norte-americanos e estrangeiros, as leis, regras e regulamentos dos EUA predominarão. A Convenção das Nações Unidas sobre Contratos para a Venda Internacional de Mercadorias não se aplica ao Acordo. Você concorda expressamente que a jurisdição exclusiva para qualquer reivindicação ou ação decorrente ou relativa ao Acordo ou o uso da Plataforma deve ser apresentada apenas em tribunais estaduais ou federais localizados em Nova Iorque, Nova Iorque - EUA, e você também concorda e submete ao exercício da jurisdição pessoal de tais tribunais para a finalidade de litigar qualquer reclamação ou ação. A utilização do Serviço não é autorizada em nenhuma jurisdição que não tenha efeito para todas as disposições destes Termos de Uso, incluindo, sem limitação, esta seção.
Este Acordo, junto com qualquer outro acordo por escrito que você possa ter feito com o Foursquare referente a serviços específicos, é o acordo completo entre você e o Foursquare em relação à Plataforma, e substitui todas as comunicações e propostas anteriores ou atuais (sejam de forma falada, escrita ou eletrônica) entre você e o Foursquare em relação à Plataforma. Se qualquer disposição do Acordo for considerada inexequível ou inválida, tal disposição será limitada ou excluída na medida mínima necessária para que o Acordo permaneça em pleno vigor, efeito e exequível.
Seus direitos e obrigações decorrentes do Acordo são pessoais e não podem ser atribuídas, transferidas ou sublicenciadas por você, a não ser com o prévio consentimento por escrito do Foursquare. O Foursquare poderá atribuir, transferir ou delegar qualquer dos seus direitos e obrigações aqui previstos sem seu consentimento. Todas as renúncias, consentimentos e modificações devem ser feitas por escrito, assinados por ambas as partes, exceto se previsto de outra maneira neste instrumento. Não será criada nenhuma agência, parceria, joint venture ou relação empregatício como resultado da Plataforma ou do Acordo, e nenhuma das partes terá qualquer autoridade de qualquer tipo para vincular a outra a respeito de qualquer coisa. Todos os avisos mencionados neste Acordo serão feitos por escrito (incluindo por meio eletrônico) e serão considerados devidamente apresentados quando recebidos, se enviados pessoalmente ou por carta registrada, com aviso de recebimento; quando o recebimento for eletronicamente confirmado, se transmitido por fax, e-mail ou pelo serviço; ou um dia depois de enviado, se remetido por entrega em 24 horas feita por serviço de entregas expressas conceituado.
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!


--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Последнее обновление: 24 апреля 2012 года
ВНИМАТЕЛЬНО ПРОЧИТАЙТЕ ЭТИ УСЛОВИЯ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЯ ("СОГЛАШЕНИЕ" ИЛИ "УСЛОВИЯ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЯ"), ПРЕЖДЕ ЧЕМ ПОЛЬЗОВАТЬСЯ УСЛУГАМИ, ПРЕДЛАГАЕМЫМИ FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"). НАСТОЯЩЕЕ СОГЛАШЕНИЕ СОДЕРЖИТ ЮРИДИЧЕСКИ ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНЫЕ УСЛОВИЯ, КОТОРЫЕ ВЫ ДОЛЖНЫ СОБЛЮДАТЬ ПРИ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИИ ПЛАТФОРМЫ ДЛЯ ПРОВЕРЕННЫХ ЗАВЕДЕНИЙ И МЕРОПРИЯТИЙ FOURSQUARE ("ПЛАТФОРМА"). РЕГИСТРИРУЯСЬ И/ИЛИ ИСПОЛЬЗУЯ ПЛАТФОРМУ КАКИМ-ЛИБО ОБРАЗОМ, ВЫ СОГЛАШАЕТЕСЬ СОБЛЮДАТЬ УСЛОВИЯ НАСТОЯЩЕГО СОГЛАШЕНИЯ. НАСТОЯЩЕЕ СОГЛАШЕНИЕ ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНО ДЛЯ ВСЕХ ПОЛЬЗОВАТЕЛЕЙ ПЛАТФОРМЫ. ВСЕ ОПРЕДЕЛЯЕМЫЕ ТЕРМИНЫ, ИСПОЛЬЗУЕМЫЕ ЗДЕСЬ, ПРИМЕНИМЫ ИСКЛЮЧИТЕЛЬНО К НАСТОЯЩЕМУ СОГЛАШЕНИЮ.
Платформа позволяет владельцам, организаторам, планировщикам мероприятий и другим уполномоченным менеджерам ("Менеджеры") (а) ресторанов, гостиниц, баров, магазинов, театров, стадионов и других заведений по продаже товаров и услуг ("Заведения") и/или (б) концертов, фильмов, спортивных мероприятий, вечеринок, культурных и других мероприятий ("Мероприятия") редактировать и корректировать данные о своих заведениях и/или мероприятиях в базе данных Foursquare, просматривать аналитические материалы по использованию сервиса Foursquare ("Сервис") относительно своих заведений и/или мероприятий, и вознаграждать специальными предложениями ("Специальные предложения", или "Спецпредложения") клиентов, выполняющих чекин на Foursquare в заведении или на мепроприятии, которым они управляют на Foursquare. В целях исключения недоразумений менеджер заведения может предлагать специальные предложения в своем заведении, однако не может делать этого на мероприятии, которое проводится в таком заведении, если только он не является также менеджером этого мероприятия. Подобным образом, менеджер мероприятия может предлагать специальные предложения на своем мероприятии, однако не может делать этого в заведении, в котором проводится это мероприятие, если только он не является также менеджером такого заведения.
Платформа предоставляется при условии, что вы принимаете все изложенные здесь условия без изменений; эти условия включают все условия использования и другие правила эксплуатации, положения и процедуры, которые могут время от времени публиковаться на Платформе или на веб-сайте Foursquare (в настоящее время www.foursquare.com, "Сайт"), и включены в данные условия посредством ссылки.
Foursquare сохраняет за собой право в любое время останавливать действие Платформы по любой причине и без предупреждения. Foursquare сохраняет за собой право в любое время вносить изменения в данные Условия использования или другие положения о Платформе и уведомлять вас о существенных изменениях через Платформу. Понятие "существенные изменения" определяется добросовестно по собственному усмотрению компании Foursquare, которая руководствуется здравым смыслом и рациональным суждением.
Чтобы подать запрос на управление заведением или мероприятием, менеджер должен получить приглашение и/или одобрение от Foursquare, пройти соответствующий процесс подтверждения и проверки такого заведения или мероприятия и получить доступ к Платформе. Регистрируясь как юридическое лицо, вы заявляете и гарантируете, что уполномочены брать на себя обязательства и связывать юридическое лицо настоящим Соглашением. Foursquare оставляет за собой право по своему собственному усмотрению отказать в предоставлении Платформы любому физическому или юридическому лицу, а также в любое время изменять критерии допуска. Если настоящие Условия использования не имеют юридической силы в рамках применимых законов, то в соответствующих юрисдикциях право на получение доступа к Платформе отменяется.
Каждый менеджер должен пройти процесс регистрации, предоставив Foursquare актуальную, полную и точную информацию, которая требуется в соответствии с действующими процедурами регистрации и подтверждения. Вы заявляете и гарантируете, что вся информация, которую вы предоставляете в процессе регистрации, является точной и правильной. Foursquare будет использовать предоставленную вами контактную и другую информацию для проверки вашей личности, и вы настоящим соглашаетесь, что в целях такой проверки Foursquare может связаться с вами напрямую или через автоматизированные средства. Вы несете исключительную ответственность за все действия в вашей учетной записи, а также за сохранение конфиденциальности вашего пароля для Платформы. Запрещено использовать учетную запись другого пользователя без предварительного разрешения этого пользователя. В случае неправомерного использования или взлома вашей учетной записи, о которых вам стало известно, необходимо немедленно известить об этом Foursquare в письменной форме. Вы соглашаетесь, что Foursquare не может нести и не несет ответственности за какую-либо потерю или ущерб вследствие нарушения приватности вашего пароля.
Информация о вашей учетной записи должна быть всегда актуальной и точной, включая действительный адрес электронной почты и номер телефона. Запрещено передавать или продавать свою учетную запись Foursquare третьим лицам.
За некоторые функции Платформы и/или некоторые услуги и продукты, предоставляемые вам через Платформу, может взиматься плата сейчас или в будущем ("Платные услуги"). Foursquare использует платежную систему третьей стороны ("Платежная система") для выставления вам счетов за пользование Платными услугами через платежный счет, связанный с вашей учетной записью на Платформе (ваш "Счет плательщика"). Обработка платежей регулируется условиями и положениями и политикой конфиденциальности Платежной системы, а также настоящим Соглашением. Мы не несем ответственности за ошибки Платежной системы. Используя Платные услуги, вы соглашаетесь выплачивать Foursquare с помощью Платежной системы все текущие комиссии за пользование такими Платными услугами в соответствии с применимыми условиями оплаты. Также вы разрешаете Foursquare взимать плату с выбранного вами поставщика платежных услуг при помощи Платежной системы (ваш "Способ платежа"). Вы соглашаетесь проводить оплату, используя выбранный вами Способ платежа. Foursquare сохраняет за собой право исправлять любые допущенные ошибки, даже если оплата уже была затребована или получена.
Вы признаете и соглашаетесь, что Платформа и весь контент, информация и другие материалы, доступные через Платформу, защищены авторскими правами, торговыми марками, знаками обслуживания, патентами, коммерческими тайнами или другими правами собственности и законами о защите конфиденциальности, а также что компания Foursquare (и ее лицензиары) имеет и сохраняет за собой все права, правооснование и долевое участие в них (включая все права на интеллектуальную собственность и права собственности). Вам запрещено продавать, лицензировать, арендовать, изменять, распространять, копировать, воспроизводить, передавать, открыто демонстрировать, выполнять, публиковать, переделывать, редактировать или создавать производные продукты Платформы или контента, информации и других материалов, а также позволять третьему лицу выполнять какие-либо из перечисленных выше действий, за исключением случаев, четко определенных Foursquare.
В контексте настоящих Условий использования термин "Контент" включает, среди прочего, письменные комментарии, информацию, данные, текст, фотографий, программное обеспечение, скрипты, графику и другую информацию.
Если вы загружаете, размещаете, передаете или иным образом распространяете любой Контент ("Пользовательская информация") через Платформу или другим путем предоставляете такую информацию Foursquare, тем самым вы:
Foursquare имеет право в любое время применять, воспроизводить, передавать, сублицензировать и иным образом использовать данные о любом месте, заведении, широте и долготе или другую информацию о местоположении, которую вы представляете, загружаете, публикуете, создаете или добавляете на Платформе (в том числе в связи с Сервисом).
Вы обязуетесь не использовать Платформу с какой-либо целью, запрещенной настоящими Условиями использования. Вы несете ответственность за все ваши действия, осуществляемые при помощи Платформы.
В частности, вы не должны лично (и не должны разрешать какому-либо третьему лицу) (a) предпринимать любые действия или (b) загружать, скачивать, публиковать, предоставлять или иным образом распространять или содействовать распространению любого Контента на Платформе или через нее, в частности любую пользовательскую информацию, которая:
Если Пользовательская информация содержит фотографии, то применяются Правила Foursquare об использовании фотографий.
Запрещено (прямо или косвенно):
Foursquare не гарантирует, что любой Контент или пользовательская информация будут доступны через Платформу. Компания Foursquare не обязана осуществлять контроль за Платформой, Контентом или Пользовательской информацией. Однако Foursquare сохраняет за собой право по своему собственному усмотрению (a) в любое время удалять, редактировать или изменять любой Контент на Платформе, в том числе любую Пользовательскую информацию, без предупреждения и по любой причине (в том числе при получении претензий или жалоб со стороны третьих лиц или властей относительно такого Контента, либо если Foursquare считает, что вы нарушили эти Условия использования) или без какой-либо причины и (b) удалять или блокировать любую Пользовательскую информацию на Платформе. Foursquare также сохраняет за собой право на доступ, прочтение, сохранение и раскрытие любой информации, если Foursquare обоснованно предполагает, что это необходимо для (1) выполнения требований любого применимого закона, положения, судебного или правительственного органа; (2) принудительного применения настоящих Условий использования, включая расследование их потенциальных нарушений; (3) обнаружения, предотвращения или иного принятия мер относительно мошенничества, технических проблем или проблем безопасности; (4) ответа на запросы пользователей на предоставление технической поддержки или (5) защиты прав, имущества или безопасности Foursquare, пользователей и общественности.
Данное Соглашение включает Политику конфиденциальности Foursquare, регулирующую использование компанией Foursquare личной информации и других данных, которые собираются сервисом Foursquare в процессе вашего пользования Платформой. В целях ясности мы подчеркиваем, что информация, которую вы предоставляете в процессе проверки запросов, сохраняется и используется сервисом Foursquare исключительно в связи с таким процессом.
Используя Платформу, вы можете получать личную информацию, в том числе зарегистрированное имя пользователя в Twitter, имя и фамилию, город и страну текущего местоположения, количество дней, которые пользователь провел вне дома, чекины, активность на Foursquare и количество друзей (десять из которых отображаются на странице) пользователя Сервиса Foursquare. Без предварительного разрешения Foursquare или соответствующего пользователя эту личную информацию можно использовать исключительно для проверки активности пользователей Foursquare в вашем заведении и нельзя использовать или раскрывать такую информацию с любой другой целью. Foursquare не предоставляет вам разрешение на использование данной информации для рассылки незапрашиваемых рекламных сообщений. Не ограничивая общий смысл вышесказанного, без четкого согласия пользователя не разрешается добавлять пользователя Foursquare в свой список рассылки по обычной или электронной почте. Вы соглашаетесь принимать коммерчески обоснованные, соответствующие применимым законам, правилам и нормам, меры для защиты всех данных и информации пользователей Foursquare от несанкционированного использования, доступа или разглашения третьими лицами.
Foursquare может в любое время заблокировать доступ ко всем или любой части Платформы по любой причине или без таковой, с уведомлением или без такового и с немедленным вступлением в силу. Чтобы удалить свою регистрационную информацию и учетную запись, следуйте инструкциям, опубликованным на Платформе.
После прекращения действия данных условий все права и обязательства сторон теряют свою силу, и вы должны немедленно прекратить использовать Платформу, с учетом изложенного ниже: (a) все обязательства, возникшие до фактической даты прекращения действия (в частности все платежные обязательства), и все средства правовой защиты от нарушения соглашения сохраняют свою силу и (b) положения Разделов 5, 7 и 9 - 14 включительно также остаются в силе. После прекращения действия соглашения Foursquare не несет никаких обязательств по сохранению любого контента в учетной записи любого пользователя или передаче вам или любому пользователю сервиса "Foursquare" или любой другой стороне каких-либо непрочитанных или не отправленных сообщений.
ПЛАТФОРМА ПРЕДОСТАВЛЯЕТСЯ "КАК ЕСТЬ" И "ПО МЕРЕ ДОСТУПНОСТИ", А ТАКЖЕ БЕЗ КАКИХ-ЛИБО ГАРАНТИЙ, ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНЫХ ИЛИ ПОДРАЗУМЕВАЕМЫХ, ВКЛЮЧАЯ, СРЕДИ ПРОЧЕГО, ПОДРАЗУМЕВАЕМЫЕ ГАРАНТИИ ЧИСТОТЫ ПРАВ СОБСТВЕННОСТИ, ГАРАНТИИ НЕНАРУШЕНИЯ ЗАКОНОВ, КОММЕРЧЕСКОЙ ПРИГОДНОСТИ И ГАРАНТИИ ПРИГОДНОСТИ ДЛЯ КОНКРЕТНОЙ ЦЕЛИ, И БЕЗ КАКИХ-ЛИБО ГАРАНТИЙ, ВЫТЕКАЮЩИХ ИЗ ВЫПОЛНЕНИЯ ДОГОВОРА ИЛИ ТОРГОВЫХ ОБЫЧАЕВ, КОТОРЫЕ ЯВНЫМ ОБРАЗОМ НЕ ПРИЗНАЮТСЯ. FOURSQUARE НЕ ГАРАНТИРУЕТ ЧТО: (A) ЛЮБАЯ ИНФОРМАЦИЯ БУДЕТ СВОЕВРЕМЕННОЙ, ТОЧНОЙ, НАДЕЖНОЙ ИЛИ ПРАВИЛЬНОЙ; (B) ПЛАТФОРМА БУДЕТ ЗАЩИЩЕНА, БУДЕТ РАБОТАТЬ БЕЗ ОШИБОК И ПЕРЕБОЕВ ИЛИ БУДЕТ ДОСТУПНА В ЛЮБОЕ ВРЕМЯ ИЛИ В ЛЮБОМ МЕСТЕ; (C) ЛЮБЫЕ ДЕФЕКТЫ ИЛИ ОШИБКИ БУДУТ УСТРАНЕНЫ; (D) ПЛАТФОРМА НЕ БУДЕТ СОДЕРЖАТЬ ВИРУСОВ ИЛИ ДРУГИХ ВРЕДНЫХ КОМПОНЕНТОВ; ИЛИ (E) МОЖЕТ БЫТЬ ДОСТИГНУТ ЛЮБОЙ ЖЕЛАЕМЫЙ РЕЗУЛЬТАТ. ВЫ ИСПОЛЬЗУЕТЕ ПЛАТФОРМУ ИСКЛЮЧИТЕЛЬНО НА СВОЙ СОБСТВЕННЫЙ РИСК.
Вы соглашаетесь, что компания Foursquare не несет ответственности за любой несанкционированный доступ, изменение или использование вашей учетной записи, передаваемой информации, а также любого материала или данных, отправленных или полученных (или не отправленных или не полученных) через Платформу. Вы соглашаетесь, что Foursquare не несет ответственности за любой угрожающий, дискредитирующий, непристойный, агрессивный, незаконный или другой контент или поведение любого третьего лица и за любое нарушение чьих-либо прав, включая права на интеллектуальную собственность.
НИ ПРИ КАКИХ ОБСТОЯТЕЛЬСТВАХ КОМПАНИЯ FOURSQUARE (РАВНО КАК ЕЕ ФИЛИАЛЫ, ЛИЦЕНЗИАРЫ И ПОСТАВЩИКИ) НЕ НЕСЕТ ОТВЕТСТВЕННОСТИ ЗА ЛЮБЫЕ ПОСЛЕДСТВИЯ, СВЯЗАННЫЕ С ПЛАТФОРМОЙ, НЕЗАВИСИМО ОТ ФОРМЫ ИСКА ИЛИ СУДЕБНОГО РАЗБИРАТЕЛЬСТВА (НА ОСНОВАНИИ ДОГОВОРА, В РЕЗУЛЬТАТЕ НЕБРЕЖНОСТИ, ПО УСЛОВИЯМ АБСОЛЮТНОЙ ОТВЕТСТВЕННОСТИ ИЛИ ИНАЧЕ) ЗА КАКОЕ-ЛИБО (A) НЕ ЗАВИСЯЩЕЕ ОТ НЕГО ПРОИСШЕСТВИЕ, (B) УТРАТУ ИЛИ НЕТОЧНОСТЬ ДАННЫХ, УТРАТУ ВОЗМОЖНОСТИ ИЛИ НАРУШЕНИЕ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЯ ИЛИ ЗАТРАТЫ НА ПРИОБРЕТЕНИЕ ЗАМЕНЯЮЩИХ ТЕХНОЛОГИЙ, ПРОДУКТОВ ИЛИ УСЛУГ, (C) КОСВЕННЫЕ, ШТРАФНЫЕ, НЕПРЕДВИДЕННЫЕ, ФАКТИЧЕСКИЕ, КАРАТЕЛЬНЫЕ ИЛИ ПОСЛЕДУЮЩИЕ УБЫТКИ, ВКЛЮЧАЯ, В ТОМ ЧИСЛЕ, УТРАТУ ДЕЛОВЫХ ВОЗМОЖНОСТЕЙ, СНИЖЕНИЕ ДОХОДОВ, УПУЩЕННУЮ ВЫГОДУ ИЛИ ПОТЕРЮ РЕПУТАЦИИ, ИЛИ (D) УБЫТКИ В ЦЕЛОМ, ПРЕВЫШАЮЩИЕ 50,00 ДОЛЛАРОВ США, ИЛИ ВЗНОСЫ, УПЛАЧЕННЫЕ ВАМИ ЗА ДОСТУП К ПЛАТФОРМЕ ЗА ПРЕДЫДУЩИЕ 12 МЕСЯЦЕВ, В ЗАВИСИМОСТИ ОТ ТОГО, КАКАЯ ИЗ ЭТИХ СУММ БОЛЬШЕ, ДАЖЕ ЕСЛИ КОМПАНИИ FOURSQUARE СТАЛО ИЗВЕСТНО О ВОЗМОЖНОСТИ ТАКИХ УБЫТКОВ. ЭТИ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЯ НЕЗАВИСИМЫ ОТ ВСЕХ ДРУГИХ ПОЛОЖЕНИЙ НАСТОЯЩЕГО СОГЛАШЕНИЯ И ДОЛЖНЫ ПРИМЕНЯТЬСЯ, ДАЖЕ ЕСЛИ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЕ КАКИХ-ЛИБО ПРЕДУСМОТРЕННЫХ НАСТОЯЩИМ ДОКУМЕНТОМ СРЕДСТВ ПРАВОВОЙ ЗАЩИТЫ НЕВОЗМОЖНО.
В НЕКОТОРЫХ СТРАНАХ И ДРУГИХ ЮРИСДИКЦИЯХ ИСКЛЮЧЕНИЯ ИЛИ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЯ ОТВЕТСТВЕННОСТИ ЗА НЕПРЕДВИДЕННЫЙ ИЛИ КОСВЕННЫЙ УЩЕРБ НЕ ДОПУСКАЮТСЯ, СЛЕДОВАТЕЛЬНО ВЫШЕУПОМЯНУТЫЕ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЯ И ИСКЛЮЧЕНИЯ МОГУТ К ВАМ НЕ ОТНОСИТЬСЯ.
Вы соглашаетесь (a) защищать компанию Foursquare и ее сотрудников, подрядчиков, служащих, директоров и представителей в любом судебном разбирательстве или иске, возникающем вследствие вашего использования или неправильного использования Платформы, любой операции или других действий, в которых вы участвуете с любым другим пользователем или третьим лицом, или вследствие нарушения вами любого из ваших заявлений, гарантий или обязательств по настоящему Соглашению и (b) возместить Foursquare суммы взаиморасчетов или убытки, суммы обязательств, издержки и расходы (включая обоснованные судебные издержки), наложенные и возникающие в результате подобного судебного разбирательства или иска. Foursquare сохраняет за собой право принимать на себя исключительную защиту и контроль любого случая, в котором вы обязаны освобождать Foursquare от ответственности или возмещать ей убытки, и вы должны помогать и содействовать Foursquare в использовании в этих целях всех доступных средств защиты.
Печатная версия Соглашения и любого уведомления, предоставленного в электронной форме, является приемлемой в судопроизводстве или административном производстве, на основании или применительно к Соглашению в той же степени и в соответствии с теми же условиями, что и другие официальные документы и записи, первоначально составленные в печатной форме.
Регулирование и толкование настоящего Соглашения осуществляется в соответствии с законодательством штата Нью-Йорк (за исключением принципов коллизионного права) и США. В случае какого-либо противоречия между законами, правилами и нормами США и иностранными законами, правилами и нормами, преимущественную силу имеют законы, правила и нормы США. Конвенция ООН о договорах международной купли-продажи товаров к Соглашению не применяется. Вы соглашаетесь, что исключительной юрисдикцией касательно рассмотрения любого иска или судебного дела, возникающего вследствие или касающегося Соглашения или использования Сервиса, владеют только суды штата или федеральные суды, находящиеся в Нью-Йорке (штат Нью-Йорк, США). Вы также соглашаетесь и подчиняетесь персональной юрисдикции таких судов с целью выступления в качестве стороны в процессе любого такого иска или судебного разбирательства. Использование Платформы не разрешено в юрисдикции, в которой невозможно выполнять требования какого-либо из положений Соглашения, включая, в том числе, этот раздел.
Настоящее Соглашение, наряду с любыми другими письменными соглашениями, которые вы могли заключить с Foursquare относительно определенных услуг, является полным текстом соглашения между вами и Foursquare применительно к Платформе и заменяет все предшествующие или одновременные договоренности и предложения (устные, письменные или электронные) между вами и Foursquare применительно к Платформе. Если какое-либо положение Соглашения теряет свою силу или становится недействительным, это положение должно быть изменено только в степени, необходимой для того, чтобы данное Соглашение оставалось в полной силе и действии.
Ваши права и обязательства, предусмотренные Соглашением, являются индивидуальными и не подлежат переуступке, передаче или сублицензированию с вашей стороны без предварительного письменного разрешения Foursquare. Foursquare вправе переуступить, передать или делегировать любое из своих прав и обязательств без согласия с чьей-либо стороны. Все документы об отказе, согласии и изменении должны быть составлены в письменном виде и подписаны обеими сторонами, если иное не предусмотрено в настоящем Соглашении. Платформа или Соглашение не подразумевают создания какого-либо агентства, партнерства, совместного предприятия или трудовых отношений, и ни одна из сторон не имеет каких-либо полномочий налагать какие-либо обязательства на другую сторону. Все уведомления по настоящему Соглашению должны направляться в письменном виде (включая электронную форму) и считаются должным образом переданными, если: они вручены лично или отправлены ценным или заказным письмом с уведомлением о вручении; после подтверждения получения электронными средствами, если уведомления передаются по факсу или электронной почте; или на следующий день после отправки, если они отправляются надежной курьерской службой с доставкой на следующий день.
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!


--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
최종 업데이트 날짜: 2012년 4월 24일
FOURSQUARE LABS, INC.("FOURSQUARE")가 제공하는 본 서비스를 사용하기에 앞서 본 이용약관("계약서" 또는 "이용약관")을 주의 깊게 읽어 주십시오. 본 계약서는 귀하가 FOURSQUARE의 승인된 베뉴 및 이벤트 플랫폼(본 "플랫폼")을 사용하는 것에 관한 법적 구속력이 있는 이용 조건을 명시합니다. 본 플랫폼에 등록하거나 어떤 식으로든 플랫폼을 사용함으로써 귀하는 본 계약서에 동의하게 됩니다. 본 계약서는 본 플랫폼의 모든 사용자에게 적용됩니다. 여기에 사용된 모든 정의된 용어는 본 계약서에만 적용됩니다.
플랫폼에서는 (a) 음식점, 호텔, 바, 상점, 극장, 경기장 및 그 밖의 상품 및 서비스 매장("대상지") 및/또는 (b) 콘서트, 영화, 스포츠 경기, 파티, 사교 행사 및 그 밖의 행사("행사")의 소유자, 주최자, 행사 계획자 및 그 밖의 권한 있는 관리자("관리자")가 Foursquare의 데이터베이스에 있는 자신들의 대상지 및/또는 행사 세부사항을 수정 및 정정하고, 자신들의 대상지 및/또는 행사에서 Foursquare의 ‘Foursquare’ 서비스(“서비스”) 사용에 관한 분석을 검토하고, 자신들이 Foursquare에서 관리하는 대상지 및/또는 행사에서 Foursquare를 통해 체크인하기로 선택하는 고객들에게 특별 제공 사항("스페셜")을 보답할 수 있도록 해줍니다. 명확히 하자면, 대상지의 관리자는 해당 관리자의 대상지에서 스페셜을 진행할 수 있지만, 해당 관리자가 행사의 관리자이기도 하지 않은 한, 해당 대상지에서 진행되는 행사에서 스페셜을 진행할 수는 없습니다. 마찬가지로, 행사의 관리자는 해당 행사에서 스페셜을 진행할 수 있지만, 해당 관리자가 대상지의 관리자이기도 하지 않은 한, 해당 관리자의 행사가 진행되고 있는 대상지에서 스페셜을 진행할 수는 없습니다.
플랫폼은 이 약관에 포함된 모든 조건을 수정 없이 승낙할 것을 전제로 제공되며, 이 조건들에는 플랫폼이나 Foursquare의 웹사이트(현재 주소는 www.foursquare.com이며, "사이트"라 칭함)에서 때때로 공표되는 모든 이용 조건과 그 밖의 운영 규칙, 정책 및 절차가 포함되며, 이 각각은 여기에서 인용됨으로써 이 약관에 편입됩니다.
Foursquare는 언제든지 통지 없이도 어떠한 이유로든 플랫폼을 변경하거나 종료시킬 수 있는 권리를 갖습니다. Foursquare는 언제든지 이 이용약관이나 그 밖의 플랫폼 정책을 변경하고, 플랫폼을 통해서 고지문을 게시함으로써 중요한 변경 사항을 귀하에게 통지할 수 있는 권리를 갖습니다. 무엇이 "중요한 변경"인지는 상식과 합리적인 판단을 통해서 신의성실의 원칙에 따라 Foursquare의 전적인 재량으로 결정됩니다.
대상지 또는 행사를 신청하기 위해서, 관리자는 반드시 Foursquare에 의한 초대 및/또는 승인을 받아야 하며, 해당 대상지 또는 행사가 해당되는 바에 따라서 "공인 대상지" 또는 "공인 행사"가 되고, 서비스플랫폼에 액세스하기 위한 관련 검증 절차를 완료해야 합니다. 귀하가 사업체로서 등록하고 있는 경우, 귀하는 귀하가 그 업체로 하여금 이 계약의 법적 구속력을 받게 할 수 있는 권한을 가지고 있음을 확언하고 보증합니다. Foursquare는 당사의 전적인 재량에 따라서 어떠한 사람이나 기관에 대해서 서비스 플랫폼 제공을 거절할 수 있으며, 언제든지 그 자격기준을 변경할 수 있습니다. 이 이용약관은 관련 법률에 의해서 금지되는 범위까지는 효력이 없으며, 그러한 관할 지역에서는 서비스 플랫폼에 액세스할 수 있는 권리가 취소됩니다.
각 관리자는 그 당시의 등록 및 검증 절차에 의해서 보다 구체적으로 요구되는 바에 따라서, Foursquare에게 최신의 완전하고 정확한 정보를 제공함으로써 등록 과정을 완료해야 합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 제출하는 모든 등록 정보가 정확하고 진실하다는 점을 확언하고 보증합니다. Foursquare는 귀하의 신원을 검증하기 위해서 귀하가 제공하는 연락처 및 그 밖의 정보를 이용할 것이며, 귀하는 Foursquare가 이와 같은 조치를 위해서 직접 또는 자동화된 수단을 통해서 귀하에게 연락하는 것에 동의합니다. 귀하는 귀하의 계정에서 발생하는 모든 활동에 대해서 전적으로 책임을 지며, 귀하의 플랫폼 비밀번호의 비밀을 유지할 책임이 있습니다. 귀하는 본인의 명시적인 사전 허락 없이 다른 사용자의 계정을 사용해서는 절대 안 됩니다. 귀하는 귀하의 계정에 대한 부정 사용이나 귀하가 알게되는 그 밖의 계정 관련 보안 위반에 대해서 서면으로 즉시 Foursquare에게 알려야 합니다. 귀하는 귀하가 귀하의 비밀번호를 안전하게 지키지 못함으로 인해서 발생하는 일체의 손실 또는 손해에 대해서 Foursquare가 책임을 질 수도 없고, 지지도 않는다는 점에 동의합니다.
귀하는 유효한 이메일 주소 및 전화번호를 포함해서, 귀하의 계정 정보를 항상 최신 상태로 정확하게 유지해야 합니다. 귀하는 귀하의 Foursquare 계정을 다른 자에게 양도하거나 판매해서는 안 됩니다.
플랫폼의 일정한 기능 및/또는 플랫폼을 통해서 귀하에게 제공되는 일정한 서비스와 제품에 대해서는 현재 또는 장래에 대금 결제가 필요할 수도 있습니다(“유료 서비스”). Foursquare는 유료 서비스 이용을 위해서 플랫폼 상에서 귀하의 계정에 연계된 결제 계좌(귀하의 "대금청구계좌")를 통해서 귀하에게 대금을 청구하기 위해 외부 결제처리기관("결제처리기관")을 이용합니다. 결제 처리에 대해서는 이 계약에 추가해서, 결제처리기관의 조건과 개인정보 취급방침이 적용됩니다. 당사는 결제처리기관에 의한 오류에 대해서 책임지지 않습니다. 유료 서비스를 이용하기로 선택함으로써, 귀하는 관련 결제 조건에 따라서 해당 유료 서비스 이용에 대해서 당시에 적용되는 가격으로 모든 청구액을 결제처리기관을 통해서 Foursquare에게 지급하기로 동의하는 것이며, Foursquare가 결제처리기관을 통해서 귀하가 선택한 결제 서비스 제공자(귀하의 "결제 방법")에게 대금을 청구할 수 있는 권한을 부여하는 것입니다. 귀하는 이와 같이 선택된 결제 방법을 이용해서 결제하기로 동의합니다. Foursquare는 당사가 이미 결제를 요청하거나 받은 경우에 조차도, 당사가 범한 오류나 실수를 시정할 수 있는 권리를 보유합니다.
귀하는 플랫폼과 플랫폼을 통해서 제공되는 모든 콘텐츠, 정보 및 그 밖의 자료가 저작권, 상표, 서비스표, 특허, 영업비밀이나 그 밖의 사적 권리와 법률 또는 개인정보 취급 관련 법률에 의해서 보호되며, Foursquare(그리고, 그의 라이선스 부여자들)가 이에 대한 모든 권리, 자격 및 이익(모든 지적재산권 및 사적 권리 포함)을 소유하고 보유한다는 점을 인정하고 동의합니다. Foursquare에 의해서 명시적으로 승인되지 않는 한, 귀하는 플랫폼이나 이러한 콘텐츠, 정보 및 그 밖의 자료에 대한 판매, 라이선스 부여, 대여, 수정, 배포, 복사, 복제, 전송, 공개적 표시, 공개적 시연, 공표, 개작, 편집, 또는 2차 저작물의 생성 행위를 하거나 제3자로 하여금 이러한 행위를 하도록 허용하지 않기로 동의하며, 명시적으로 승인을 받은 경우에는 오로지 그 범위까지만 이러한 행위가 인정됩니다.
이 이용약관의 목적상 "콘텐츠"라는 용어에는 작성된 댓글, 정보, 데이터, 텍스트, 사진, 소프트웨어, 스크립트, 그래픽 및 그 밖의 콘텐츠가 포함되지만 이에 한정되지는 않습니다.
플랫폼을 통해서 또는 귀하가 그 밖의 방법으로 Foursquare에 제공하는 콘텐츠를 업로드, 포스팅, 제출 또는 그 밖의 방식으로 배포함으로써("사용자 제출물"), 귀하는 이 약관에 의해서:
Foursquare는 귀하가 플랫폼(서비스와 관련되는 경우 등도 포함)에 제출, 업로드, 포스팅, 생성 또는 추가하는 장소, 대상지(venue), 위도 및 경도, 또는 그 밖의 위치 정보를 사용, 복제, 양도, 서브라이선스 부여 및 그 밖의 방식에 의해 영구적으로 활용할 수 있는 권리가 있습니다.
이용 조건으로, 귀하는 이 이용약관에 의해서 금지되는 어떠한 목적으로도 플랫폼을 이용하지 않기로 약속합니다. 귀하는 플랫폼과 관련되는 귀하의 모든 활동에 대해서 책임을 집니다.
한정하는 것이 아니라 예를 들어, 귀하는 (a) 다음에 해당되는 조치를 취하거나, (b) 사용자 제출물 등을 포함해서, 플랫폼 상에서나 플랫폼을 통해서 다음에 해당되는 어떠한 콘텐츠도 업로드, 다운로드, 포스팅, 제출 또는 그 밖의 방식에 의한 배포나 배포 촉진 행위를 해서는 안 됩니다(그리고, 제3자가 이와 같은 행위를 하도록 허용해서도 안 됩니다):
사용자 제출물에 사진이 포함되는 경우, Foursquare의 사진 가이드라인이 적용됩니다.
귀하는 (직접 또는 간접으로) 다음 행위를 해서는 안 됩니다.
Foursquare는 어떠한 콘텐츠나 사용자 제출물이 플래폼을 통해서 제공될 수 있을 것이라고 보증하지 않습니다. Foursquare는 플랫폼, 콘텐츠 또는 사용자 제출물을 모니터링할 의무가 없습니다. 그러나, Foursquare는 (a) 이유 유무를 불문하고(해당 콘텐트에 관해서 제삼자나 당국으로부터 클레임이나 이의 제기를 받거나, Foursquare가 귀하가 이 이용약관을 위반했을 수도 있다고 우려하는 경우 등도 포함됨), 귀하에 대한 통지 없이, 당사의 전적인 재량에 따라서 언제든지 플랫폼으로부터 사용자 제출물 등을 포함해서 일체의 콘텐츠를 삭제, 편집 또는 수정하고, (b) 플랫폼으로부터 어떠한 사용자 제출물이라도 삭제 또는 차단할 수 있는 권리를 보유합니다. 또한, Foursquare는 (i) 관련 법률, 규정, 법적 절차나 정부 요청을 충족시키기 위해서, (ii) 이 이용약관에 대한 잠재적인 위반을 조사하는 것을 포함해서, 이 이용약관을 집행하기 위해서, (iii) 사기, 보안 또는 기술적 문제를 탐지, 방지 또는 그 밖의 방식으로 대처하기 위해서, (iv) 사용자 지원 요청에 응하기 위해서, 또는 (v) Foursquare, Foursquare의 사용자들 및 일반 공중의 권리, 재산 또는 안전을 보호하기 위해서, Foursquare가 합리적으로 필요하다고 믿는 정보에 대한 액세스, 열람, 보존 및 공개 조치를 취할 수 있는 권리도 보유합니다.
이 계약에는 Foursquare의 개인정보 취급방침이 포함되며, 이는 귀하가 플랫폼에 액세스하고 있을 때 Foursquare가 수집하는 개인을 식별할 수 있는 정보와 그 밖의 데이터에 대한 Foursquare의 취급을 규정합니다. 명확히 하자면, 귀하가 신청 검증 과정에서 제출하는 정보는 해당 과정과 관련해서 Foursquare에 의해서 보유되고 사용될 것입니다.
플랫폼과 관련해서, 귀하는 Foursquare 서비스의 사용자들로부터 Twitter 계정 이름, 성명, 현재 위치의 도시와 국가, 외출 일수, Foursquare에서의 체크인과 수행한 일, 그리고 Foursquare에 있는 친구들의 수(열 명이 표시됨) 등의 개인정보를 취득할 수 있습니다. Foursquare 또는 해당 사용자로부터 사전 허락을 받지 않는 한, 이러한 개인정보는 오로지 귀하가 귀하의 대상 장소에서의 Foursquare 이용 상황을 보기위해서만 이용되어야 하며, 귀하는 다른 목적으로 해당 정보를 이용하거나 공개해서는 안 됩니다. Foursquare는 귀하에게 해당 정보를 대상자가 원치 않는 상업적 메시지를 위해서 이용할 수 있도록 허락하지 않았습니다. 위에 기재된 내용을 제한함이 없이, 귀하는 사용자로부터 명시적 동의를 받지 않는 한, 귀하의 이메일 또는 물리적 우편 목록에 어떠한 Foursquare 사용자도 추가할 권한이 없습니다. 귀하는 모든 Foursquare 사용자 데이터와 정보를 제3자에 의한 부정한 이용, 공개 또는 액세스로부터 보호하기 위해서, 관련 법률, 규칙 및 규정을 준수하면서 상업적으로 합리적인 조치를 취하기로 동의합니다.
Foursquare는 이유 여하나 통지 유무를 불문하고, 즉시 효력이 발생하도록, 언제든지 플랫폼의 전부 또는 일부에 대한 사용자의 액세스를 종료시킬 수 있습니다. 귀하가 귀하의 등록과 계정을 종료시키고자 하는 경우, 귀하는 플랫폼에 있는 지침에 따라서 언제든지 그렇게 할 수 있습니다.
종료되는 즉시, 당사자들의 모든 권리와 의무는 소멸되며, 귀하는 즉시 플랫폼 이용을 중지해야 합니다. 단, (a) 종료의 효력발생일 전에 발생된 모든 의무(모든 지급의무 등 포함)와 계약의 위반에 대한 모든 구제수단은 효력이 유지되며, (b) 제5조, 제7조 및 제9조 - 제14조에 포함된 모든 규정은 효력이 유지됩니다. 종료 후부터, Foursquare는 사용자의 계정에 있는 콘텐츠를 유지하거나, 귀하 또는 "Foursquare" 서비스의 사용자나 그 밖의 자에게 읽지 않았거나 전송되지 않은 메시지를 전달해야 할 의무를 부담하지 않습니다.
플랫폼은 "있는 그대로", 그리고 "이용 가능한 바에 따라" 제공됩니다. 플랫폼은 명시적 또는 묵시적인 어떠한 보증도 없이 제공되며, 여기에는 소유권, 타인의 권리 침해 부존재, 완전성, 상업성 및 특정 목적을 위한 적합성, 그리고 이행 과정이나 거래 관행에 의해서 암시되는 일체의 보증이 포함되지만 이에 한정되지는 않으며, 이 모든 보증은 명시적으로 부인됩니다. FOURSQUARE는 다음 사항을 보증하지 않습니다: (A) 정보가 적시에 제공되거나, 정확하거나, 신뢰할 수 있거나, 정확할 것이라는 점; (B) 플랫폼이 안전하거나, 오류가 없거나, 중단되지 않거나, 특정한 시간이나 장소에서 이용 가능할 것이라는 점; (C) 결함이나 오류가 시정될 것이라는 점; (D) 플랫폼에 바이러스나 그 밖의 해로운 요소가 없을 것이라는 점; 또는 (E) 어떠한 결과나 성과가 성취될 수 있다는 점. 귀하가 플랫폼을 이용하는 것은 전적으로 귀하의 위험 부담하에 이루어집니다.
귀하는 Foursquare가 귀하의 계정, 전송 또는 데이터에 대한 부정한 액세스, 변경 또는 이용이나, 플랫폼을 통해서 송수신되거나, 송수신되지 않은 일체의 자료나 데이터에 대해서 책임이나 채무를 부담하지 않는다는 점에 동의합니다. 귀하는 Foursquare가 위협적, 명예훼손적, 외설적, 공격적, 불법적 또는 그 밖의 콘텐츠, 제3자의 행위, 또는 지적재산권을 포함한 타인의 권리에 대한 침해에 대해서 책임이나 채무를 부담하지 않는다는 점에 동의합니다.
어떠한 경우에도 FOURSQUARE(또는 FOURSQUARE의 계열회사, 라이선스 부여자 및 공급자)는 클레임 또는 소송의 형태(계약, 과실, 엄격 책임 또는 그 밖의 근거를 불문함)에 관계 없이 플랫폼과 관련된 주제 사안에 관해서 다음에 대해 책임을 지지 않으며, 이는 FOURSQUARE가 해당 손해의 발생 가능성을 고지받은 경우에도 마찬가지 입니다. (A) 합리적인 통제 범위를 벗어나는 사안, (B) 데이터의 손실 또는 부정확성, 사용의 상실 또는 중단, 또는 대체 기술, 제품 또는 서비스의 조달 비용, (C) 사업, 수입, 이윤 또는 영업권의 손실 등을 포함하되 이에 한정하지 않는, 간접적, 징벌적, 우발적, 의존적, 특별, 본보기적 또는 결과적 손해, 또는 (D) 총액으로 미화 50달러 또는 귀하가 직전 12개월 동안 플랫폼에 대한 액세스를 위해서 지급한 요금 중 더 큰 금액을 초과하는 손해. 이러한 제한은 이 계약의 다른 모든 조항들로부터 독립적으로 인정되며, 이 문서에 규정된 구제수단의 목적 달성에 실패하는 경우에 조차도 적용됩니다.
일부 주와 그 밖의 국가에서는 우발적이거나 결과적인 손해에 대한 책임의 배제나 제한을 허용하지 않으므로, 위 제한과 배제가 귀하에 대해서는 적용되지 않을 수도 있습니다.
귀하는 (a) 귀하의 플랫폼 사용 또는 오용, 귀하가 관여된 다른 사용자나 그 밖의 제3자와의 거래나 그 밖의 거래행위, 또는 이 계약에 따른 귀하의 확언, 보증 또는 확약에 대한 귀하의 위반으로부터 발생하는 조치나 소송에 대해서 Foursquare와 그의 직원, 계약자, 임원, 이사 및 대리인을 방어하고, (b) 이러한 클레임으로부터 판정되고 발생하는 화해 금액이나 손해, 채무, 비용 및 지출(합리적인 변호사 보수 포함)에 대해서 Foursquare를 면책시키기로 동의합니다. Foursquare는 귀하에 의한 면책의무가 적용되는 사안에 관해서 배타적인 방어권과 그 밖의 통제권을 행사할 수 있는 권리를 보유하며, 이 경우에 귀하는 가능한 방어 수단을 주장함에 있어서 Foursquare를 지원하고, 함께 협력해야 합니다.
이 계약 및 전자형태로 제공되는 통지의 인쇄본은 본래부터 인쇄 형태로 만들어지고 유지되는 다른 사업상 문서 및 기록과 동일한 범위까지, 동일한 조건의 적용하에서 이 계약에 기초하거나 이와 관련되는 사법적 또는 행정적 절차에서 문서로 인정됩니다.
이 계약은 뉴욕 주 법률(뉴욕 주의 국제사법 규정은 제외)와 미국의 법률에 의해서 규율되고, 그에 따라 해석됩니다. 미국과 외국의 법률, 규칙 및 규정 사이에 상충되는 사항이 존재하는 경우, 미국의 법률, 규칙 및 규정이 적용됩니다. 국제물품매매를 위한 계약에 관한 유엔협약은 이 계약에 적용해서는 안 됩니다. 귀하는 이 계약이나 플랫폼의 사용으로부터 발생하거나 이와 관련되는 클레임이나 소송에 대한 전속관할권이 오로지 미국 뉴욕 주 뉴욕 시에 소재하는 연방 및 주 법원에만 있다는 점에 명시적으로 동의하며, 더 나아가 이러한 클레임이나 소송의 제소 목적상으로 해당 법원들의 대인 관할권 행사에 동의하고 복종합니다. 이 조항을 포함하되 이에 한정하지 않고, 이 계약의 모든 조항에 대한 효력을 인정하지 않는 관할 지역에서는 본 플랫폼의 사용이 허용되지 않습니다.
이 계약은 귀하가 특정 서비스들에 관해서 Foursquare와 체결했을 수 있는 다른 서면 계약들에 추가해서, 플랫폼과 관련해서 귀하와 Foursquare 사이에 이루어진 합의 사항 전부이며, 플랫폼과 관련해서 귀하와 Foursquare 사이에서 (구두, 서면 또는 전자적 형태를 불문하고) 이전이나 현재 이루어진 모든 통신 및 제안을 대체합니다. 이 계약의 어느 조항이 집행 불가능 또는 무효로 판정되는 경우, 해당 조항은 이 계약이 달리 완전한 효력을 유지하고 집행 가능할 수 있도록 하기 위해서 필요한 최소한의 범위까지 그 효력이 제한되거나 제거됩니다.
이 계약에 따른 귀하의 권리와 의무는 귀하 자신에 국한된 것이며, Foursquare의 사전 서면 동의를 받는 경우를 제외하고는 귀하에 의한 양도, 이전 또는 서브 라이선스 부여가 불가능합니다. Foursquare는 동의를 받지 않고도 이 계약에 따른 당사의 권리와 의무 중 어느 것이라도 양도, 이전 또는 위임할 수 있습니다. 모든 포기, 동의 및 변경은 이 계약에 달리 규정된 경우를 제외하고는 양 당사자들이 서명한 서면으로 이루어져야 합니다. 본 플랫폼이나 이 계약으로 인해서 어떠한 대리관계, 동업관계, 합작관계 또는 고용관계도 만들어지지 않으며, 당사자 누구도 어떠한 측면에서든 상대방에게 법적 구속력을 미칠 수 있는 어떠한 종류의 권한도 갖지 못합니다. 이 계약에 따른 모든 통지는 서면(전자 형태 포함)으로 이루어져야 하며, 직접 전달되거나 수취증명의 내용증명 또는 등기 우편으로 발송된 경우에는 수령 시에, 팩스, 이메일 또는 본 서비스를 통해서 전송된 경우에는 전자적으로 수령이 확인되는 시점에, 또는 인정받는 익일배송서비스에 의해서 익일배송으로 발송되는 경우에는 발송 익일에, 각각 정당하게 제공된 것으로 봅니다.
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
อัพเดตล่าสุด: 24 เมษายน 2012
โปรดอ่านเงื่อนไขการใช้งานเหล่านี้ ("ข้อตกลง" หรือ "เงื่อนไขการใช้งาน") อย่างละเอียดก่อนใช้บริการที่นำเสนอโดย FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE") ข้อตกลงนี้เป็นการกำหนดข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขที่มีผลผูกพันทางกฎหมายสำหรับการใช้งานของคุณบนระบบสถานที่และกิจกรรมที่ได้รับอนุญาตของ foursquare ("ระบบ") ด้วยการลงทะเบียน และ/หรือใช้งานระบบนี้ในลักษณะใดๆ คุณยอมรับที่จะผูกพันตามข้อตกลงนี้ ข้อตกลงนี้มีผลบังคับใช้กับผู้ใช้ทั้งหมดของระบบนี้ เงื่อนไขทั้งหมดที่กำหนดเพื่อใช้งานในที่นี้จะบังคับใช้กับข้อตกลงนี้เท่านั้น
แพลตฟอร์มอนุญาตให้เจ้าของ ผู้จัด ผู้วางแผนกิจกรรม และผู้จัดการที่ได้รับอนุญาตคนอื่น (“ผู้จัดการ”) ของ (ก) ร้านอาหาร โรงแรม บาร์ ร้านค้า โรงละคร สนามกีฬาและสถานที่อื่นๆ ของสินค้าและบริการ (“สถานที่”) และ/หรือ (ข) คอนเสิร์ต ภาพยนตร์ เหตุการณ์กีฬา ปาร์ตี้ งานสังสรรค์ทางสังคม และกิจกรรมอื่นๆ (“กิจกรรม”) ให้แก้ไขและทำให้รายละเอียดของสถานที่และ/หรือกิจกรรมของเขาถูกต้องในฐานข้อมูลของ Foursquare ดูการวิเคราะห์เกี่ยวกับการใช้บริการ ‘foursquare’ ของ Foursquare (“บริการ”) ที่สถานที่และหรือกิจกรรมของพวกเขา และให้รางวัลลูกค้าด้วยข้อเสนอพิเศษ (“ข้อเสนอพิเศษ”) ที่เลือกเช็คอินบน foursquare ที่สถานที่และหรือกิจกรรมที่พวกเขาจัดการบน foursquare เพื่อความชัดเจน ผู้จัดการของสถานที่สามารถทำข้อเสนอพิเศษที่สถานที่ของผู้จัดการดังกล่าว แต่ไม่สามารถทำข้อเสนอพิเศษที่กิจกรรมหนึ่งที่กำลังถูกจัดที่สถานที่ดังกล่าวได้ เว้นแต่ว่าผู้จัดการดังกล่าวก็เป็นผู้จัดการกิจกรรมด้วย ในทางเดียวกัน ผู้จัดการของกิจกรรมสามารถทำข้อเสนอพิเศษที่กิจกรรมดังกล่าวได้ แต่ไม่สามารถทำข้อเสนอพิเศษที่สถานที่ที่กิจกรรมของผู้จัดการดังกล่าวกำลังถูกจัดได้ เว้นแต่ว่าผู้จัดการดังกล่าวก็เป็นผู้จัดการของสถานที่นั้นด้วย
แพลตฟอร์มถูกเสนอให้ตามการยอมรับโดยไม่มีการปรับเปลี่ยนข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขที่ระบุในที่นี้ ซึ่งข้อกำหนดที่รวมอยู่ในเงื่อนไขการใช้งานทั้งหมดและกฎการปฏิบัติการ นโยบายและกระบวนการที่อาจถูกเผยแพร่เป็นครั้งคราวบนแพลตฟอร์มหรือบนเว็บไซต์ของ Foursquare (ซึ่งปัจจุบันอยู่ที่ www.foursquare.com "เว็บไซต์ ") ซึ่งแต่ละแห่งถูกรวมโดยการอ้างอิง
Foursquare สงวนสิทธิในการปรับเปลี่ยนหรือยุติแพลตฟอร์มด้วยเหตุผลใดก็ตามโดยไม่ต้องแจ้งตลอดเวลา Foursquare สงวนสิทธิในการปรับเปลี่ยนเงื่อนไขการใช้งานหรือนโยบายแพลตฟอร์มอื่นๆ ได้ตลอดเวลาและแจ้งให้คุณทราบเกี่ยวกับการเปลี่ยนแปลงเนื้อหาโดยการลงประกาศผ่านแพลตฟอร์ม Foursquare เป็นผู้ตัดสินว่าอะไรคือ “การเปลี่ยนแปลงเนื้อหา" ด้วยเจตนาดี และใช้สามัญสำนึกและการตัดสินที่มีเหตุผลแต่เพียงผู้เดียว
เพื่ออ้างสิทธิ์สถานที่หรือเหตุการณ์หนึ่ง ผู้จัดการต้องได้รับเชิญและ/หรือการอนุมัติจาก Foursquare และทำขั้นตอนการยืนยันที่มีให้เสร็จสมบูรณ์ก่อนเพื่อให้สถานที่หรือเหตุการณ์ดังกล่าวกลายเป็น “สถานที่ที่ได้รับอนุญาต” หรือ “กิจกรรมที่ได้รับอนุญาต” ตามที่ใช้ได้ และเข้าถึงบริการแพลตฟอร์มได้ ถ้าคุณลงทะเบียนในฐานะองค์กรธุรกิจ คุณรับรองและรับประกันว่าคุณมีสิทธิในการนำองค์กรนั้นเข้าผูกพันกับข้อตกลง Foursquare สามารถใช้ดุลยพินิจของบริษัทแต่เพียงผู้เดียวในการปฏิเสธที่จะให้บริการแพลตฟอร์มแก่บุคคลหรือองค์กรใดก็ตาม และเปลี่ยนเกณฑ์การมีสิทธิได้ตลอดเวลา เงื่อนไขการใช้งานเหล่านี้เป็นโมฆะตามขอบเขตที่กฎหมายที่บังคับใช้ห้ามและสิทธิในการเข้าถึงบริการแพลตฟอร์มจะถูกยกเลิกในเขตอำนาจดังกล่าว
ผู้จัดการแต่ละคนต้องทำขั้นตอนการลงทะเบียนให้สำเร็จโดยการให้ข้อมูลที่เป็นปัจจุบัน สมบูรณ์และถูกต้องแก่ Foursquare ซึ่งกำหนดชัดเจนมากขึ้นโดยขั้นตอนการลงทะเบียนและการยืนยันปัจจุบัน คุณรับรองและรับประกันว่าข้อมูลการลงทะเบียนทั้งหมดที่คุณส่งมีความถูกต้องและเป็นจริง Foursquare จะใช้ข้อมูลติดต่อและข้อมูลอื่นที่คุณกรอกในการยืนยันตัวตนคุณและคุณยินยอมในที่นี้ว่า Foursquare สามารถติดต่อคุณได้โดยตรงหรือผ่านวิธีอัตโนมัติ คุณเป็นผู้เดียวที่รับผิดชอบต่อกิจกรรมทั้งหมดที่เกิดขึ้นในบัญชีของคุณ และจะรับผิดชอบต่อการรักษารหัสผ่านแพลตฟอร์มของคุณเป็นความลับ คุณจะไม่ใช้บัญชีของผู้ใช้คนอื่นโดยไม่ได้รับอนุญาตอย่างชัดเจนจากผู้ใช้คนนั้น คุณจะแจ้งให้ Foursquare ทราบเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษรทันทีเกี่ยวกับการใช้บัญชีของคุณโดยไม่ได้รับอนุญาต หรือการละเมิดการรักษาความปลอดภัยที่เกี่ยวกับบัญชีอื่นที่คุณทราบ คุณยอมรับว่า Foursquare ไม่สามารถและจะไม่รับผิดต่อการสูญเสียหรือความเสียหายที่เกิดจากการที่คุณไม่สามารถรักษาความปลอดภัยของรหัสผ่านของคุณได้
คุณ คุณต้องคอยทำให้ข้อมูลในบัญชีของคุณเป็นปัจจุบันและถูกต้องตลอดเวลา รวมถึงอีเมลแอดเดรสและหมายเลขโทรศัพท์ที่ถูกต้องด้วย คุณไม่สามารถโอนหรือขายบัญชี คุณไม่สามารถโอนหรือขายบัญชี Foursquare ของคุณให้บุคคลอื่นได้
คุณสมบัติบางประการของแพลตฟอร์มและ/หรือบริการและผลิตภัณฑ์บางอย่างที่ทำให้มีอยู่สำหรับคุณผ่านแพลตฟอร์มอาจต้องมีการชำระเงินตอนนี้หรือในอนาคต (“บริการแบบเสียเงิน”) Foursquare ใช้ผู้ดำเนินการการชำระเงินอื่น (“ผู้ดำเนินการการชำระเงิน”) ในการเรียกเก็บเงินคุณผ่านบัญชีการชำระเงินที่เชื่อมโยงกับบัญชีของคุณบนแพลตฟอร์ม (“บัญชีการเรียกเก็บเงิน” ของคุณ) เพื่อการใช้บริการแบบเสียเงิน ขั้นตอนการชำระเงินจะเป็นไปตามข้อกำหนด เงื่อนไข และนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้ดำเนินการการชำระเงินนอกเหนือจากข้อตกลงนี้ เราไม่รับผิดชอบต่อข้อผิดพลาดโดยผู้ดำเนินการการชำระเงิน การเลือกใช้บริการแบบชำระเงิน แสดงว่าคุณตกลงจ่ายเงินให้ Foursquare ผ่านผู้ดำเนินการการชำระเงิน โดยที่ค่าธรรมเนียมทั้งหมดอยู่ที่ราคาที่มีผลตอนนั้นสำหรับการใช้บริการแบบเสียเงินตามข้อกำหนดการชำระเงินที่บังคับใช้และคุณอนุญาตให้ Foursquare เรียกเก็บเงินผู้บริการด้านการชำระเงินที่คุณเลือก (“วิธีชำระเงิน”) คุณตกลงทำการชำระเงินโดยใช้วิธีชำระเงินที่เลือกนั้น Foursquare สงวนสิทธิในการแก้ไขข้อผิดพลาดหรือความผิดพลาดของบริษัทถึงแม้ว่าบริษัทจะร้องขอหรือได้รบการชำระเงินแล้ว
คุณยอมรับและตกลงว่าแพลตฟอร์มและเนื้อหา ข้อมูลและสิ่งของอื่นทั้งหมดที่ถูกทำให้มีอยู่ผ่านแพลตฟอร์มได้รับการปกป้องโดยลิขสิทธิ์ เครื่องหมายการค้า เครื่องหมายบริการ สิทธิบัตร ความลับทางการค้าหรือกรรมสิทธิ์และกฎหมายหรือกฎหมายความเป็นส่วนตัวอื่นๆ และ Foursquare (และผู้ใช้สิทธิ์ของบริษัท) จะเป็นเจ้าของและรักษาสิทธิ์ กรรมสิทธิ์ และผลประโยชน์ทั้งหมด (รวมถึงทรัพย์สินทางปัญญาและกรรมสิทธิ์ทั้งหมด) ที่ระบุในที่นี้และต่อไป เว้นแต่ว่าและจนถึงขอบเขตที่ Foursquare อนุญาตชัดเจนเท่านั้น คุณตกลงที่จะไม่หรืออนุญาตให้บุคคลอื่นขาย ให้อนุญาต ให้เช่า ดัดแปลง จำหน่าย ทำซ้ำ ผลิตซ้ำ ส่ง แสดงต่อสาธารณะ แสดงในที่สาธารณะ เผยแพร่ ปรับเปลี่ยน แก้ไขหรือสร้างงานที่มาจากแพลตฟอร์มหรือเนื้อหา ข้อมูลและสิ่งอื่น ๆ ดังกล่าว
เพื่อเป้าหมายของเงื่อนไขการใช้งาน ข้อกำหนด "เนื้อหา" ประกอบด้วย แต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงความเห็นเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษร ข้อมูล ข้อความ รูปภาพ ซอฟต์แวร์ สคริปต์ กราฟิกและเนื้อหาอื่น
การ อัพโหลด โพสต์ ส่งหรือจำหน่ายเนื้อหาใดก็ตาม ("การส่งของผู้ใช้") ผ่านแพลตฟอร์มหรือที่คุณจัดหาให้ Foursquare แสดงว่าคุณ
Foursquare จะมีสิทธิใช้ ผลิตซ้ำ โอน อนุญาตต่อและใช้ประโยชน์ได้ตลอดกาลจากสถานที่ เส้นรุ้งและเส้นแวง หรือข้อมูลตำแหน่งที่ตั้งอื่นที่คุณส่ง อัพโหลด ลงประกาศ สร้างหรือเพิ่มเข้าในแพลตฟอร์ม (รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงที่เกี่ยวกับบริการ)
ตาม เงื่อนไขการใช้งาน คุณสัญญาว่าจะไม่ใช้แพลตฟอร์มเพื่อเป้าหมายใดก็ตามที่เงื่อนไขการใช้งานห้ามไว้ คุณรับผิดชอบต่อกิจกรรมทั้งหมดของคุณที่เชื่อมโยงกับแพลตฟอร์ม
ตัว อย่างเช่น และไม่ใช่ขีดจำกัด คุณจะไม่ (และจะไม่อนุญาตให้บุคคลอื่น) (ก) กระทำการ หรือ (ข) อัพโหลด ดาวน์โหลด โพสต์ ส่งหรือจำหน่ายหรืออำนวยความสะดวกให้การจำหน่ายเนื้อหาใดก็ตามบนหรือผ่านแพลตฟอร์ม รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงการส่งของผู้ใช้ใดก็ตามที่
ถ้าการส่งของผู้ใช้มีภาพอยู่ แนวทางรูปภาพของ Foursquare จะมีผลบังคับใช้
คุณจะไม่ (โดยตรงหรือโดยอ้อม)
Foursquare ไม่รับประกันว่าเนื้อหาหรือการส่งของผู้ใช้ใดก็ตามจะมีอยู่ผ่านแพลตฟอร์ม Foursquare ไม่มีข้อผูกพันในการตรวจตราแพลตฟอร์ม เนื้อหาหรือการส่งของผู้ใช้ Foursquare สงวนสิทธิในการ (1) ลบ ระงับ แก้ไข หรือดัดแปลงเนื้อหาใดก็ตามตามดุลยพินิจของบริษัทแต่เพียงผู้เดียว รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงการส่งของผู้ใช้จากแพลตฟอร์มเมื่อใดก็ตาม โดยไม่ต้องแจ้งให้คุณทราบและด้วยเหตุผลใดก็ตาม (รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดอยู่ที่ เมื่อได้รับการฟ้องร้องหรือการกล่าวหาจากบุคคลอื่นที่เกี่ยวข้องกับเนื้อหาดังกล่าว หรือถ้า Foursquare กังวลว่าคุณอาจละเมิดเงื่อนไขการใช้งานเหล่านี้) หรือโดยไม่มีเหตุผลใดเลย และ (2) ลบหรือสกัดกั้นการส่งของผู้ใช้ใดก็ตามจากแพลตฟอร์ม Foursquare ยังสงวนสิทธิในการเข้าถึง อ่าน รักษาและเปิดเผยข้อมูลตามที่ Foursquare เชื่ออย่างมีเหตุผลว่าจำเป็นเพื่อ (1) ทำตามกฎหมายที่บังคับใช้ ระเบียบ ขั้นตอนทางกฎหมายหรือการร้องขอจากรัฐบาล (2) บังคับใช้เงื่อนไขการใช้งานเหล่านี้ รวมถึงการสอบสวนการละเมิดที่อาจเกิดขึ้นจากการใช้งาน (3) ตรวจสอบ ป้องกันหรือจัดการกับปัญหาด้านการฉ้อโกง ความปลอดภัยหรือด้านเทคนิค (4) ตอบสนองการร้องขอการสนับสนุนจากผู้ใช้ หรือ (5) ปกป้องสิทธิ ทรัพย์สินหรือความปลอดภัยของ Foursquare ผู้ใช้ Foursquare และสาธารณะชน
ข้อตกลงนี้รวมนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของ Foursquare ซึ่งครอบคลุมการปฏิบัติกับข้อมูลระบุตัวตนของ Foursquare และข้อมูลอื่นที่ Foursquare รวบรวมเมื่อคุณเข้าถึงแพลตฟอร์ม เพื่อความชัดเจน ข้อมูลที่คุณส่งช่วงขั้นตอนการยืนยันความถูกต้องของการเรียกร้องจะถูกเก็บรักษาและใช้โดย Foursquare เชื่อมโยงกับขั้นตอนดังกล่าว
ใน ส่วนที่เกี่ยวกับแพลตฟอร์ม คุณอาจได้รับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดอยู่ที่ ชื่อบัญชี Twitter ชื่อและนามสกุล เมืองและรัฐของตำแหน่งที่ตั้งปัจจุบัน จำนวนวันออก เช็คอิน และสิ่งต่างๆ ที่ทำบน Foursquare และจำนวนเพื่อนบน Foursquare (โดยมีการแสดง 10 คน) จากผู้ใช้บริการ Foursquare หากไม่ได้รับการอนุญาตก่อนจาก Foursquare หรือผู้ใช้ที่เกี่ยวข้อง คุณไม่สามารถใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเพื่อดูการใช้งาน Foursquare ที่สถานที่ของคุณและคุณไม่สามารถใช้หรือเปิดเผยข้อมูลเพื่อเป้าหมายอื่นใดก็ตาม Foursquare ยังไม่ให้อนุญาตคุณให้ข้อมูลเพื่อข้อความทางการค้าที่ไม่ได้มีการร้องขอ โดยที่ไม่เป็นการจำกัดสิ่งที่กล่าวมาแล้วและหากไม่มีการยินยอมอย่างชัดเจนจากผู้ใช้ คุณไม่สามารถเพิ่มผู้ใช้ Foursquare คนใดก็ตามเข้าในอีเมลหรือรายชื่อผู้รับทางไปรษณีย์ของคุณ คุณตกลงที่จะใช้ขั้นตอนทางการค้าที่สมเหตุสมผล ปฏิบัติตามกฎหมาย กฎและระเบียบที่บังคับใช้เพื่อปกป้องข้อมูลผู้ใช้ Foursquare และข้อมูลจากการ การเปิดเผยหรือการเข้าถึงโดยบุคคลอื่นโดยไม่ได้รับอนุญาต
Foursquare อาจยุติการเข้าถึงแพลตฟอร์มทั้งหมดหรือส่วนหนึ่งส่วนใดของผู้ใช้ได้ตลอดเวลา โดยมีหรือไม่มีสาเหตุหรือการแจ้ง และการยุตินั้นจะมีผลทันที หากคุณต้องการยุติการลงทะเบียนและบัญชีของคุณ คุณสามารถทำได้ตลอดเวลาโดยปฏิบัติตามคำชี้แนะบนแพลตฟอร์ม
เมื่อ ทำการยุติแล้วสิทธิและข้อผูกพันทั้งหมดของฝ่ายต่างๆ จะหยุดลง และคุณจะหยุดใช้แพลตฟอร์มทันที ยกเว้นเมื่อ (ก) ข้อผูกพันทั้งหมดที่เพิ่มขึ้นก่อนวันที่ยุติที่มีผล (รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงข้อผูกพันในการชำระเงินทั้งหมด) และการเยียวยาใดก็ตามสำหรับการผิดสัญญาจะยังคงมีผลอยู่และ (ข) การข้อกำหนดของข้อ 5, 7 และ 9 – 14 ที่รวมอยู่จะยังคงมีผลอยู่ หลังการยุติ Foursquare ไม่มีข้อผูกพันในการรักษาเนื้อหาใดๆ ในบัญชีของผู้ใช้ หรือส่งต่อข้อความที่ไม่ได้อ่านหรือส่งให้คุณหรือผู้ใช้บริการ “Foursquare” คนใดก็ตามหรือบุคคลอื่นใดก็ตาม
แพลตฟอร์มถูกจัดหาแบบ “ตามที่เป็น” “ตามที่มีอยู่” แพลตฟอร์มถูกจัดหาโดยไม่มีการประกันใดๆ แบบชัดแจ้งหรือเป็นนัย รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงการรับประกันกรรมสิทธิ์แบบเป็นนัย การไม่ล่วงล้ำ การรวม การสามารถในการขายได้ และความเหมาะสมสำหรับเป้าหมายเฉพาะ และการรับประกันใดก็ตามที่บอกเป็นนัยโดยการกระทำหรือการใช้การค้า ซึ่งทั้งหมดนี้ถูกปฏิเสธอย่างชัดเจน Foursquare ไม่รับประกันว่า (ก) ข้อมูลใดก็ตามจะรวดเร็ว แม่นยำ พึ่งพาได้หรือถูกต้อง (ข) แพลตฟอร์มจะมีการรักษาความปลอดภัย ไม่มีข้อผิดพลาด ไม่มีการแทรกแซงหรือมีอยู่ช่วงเวลาใดเวลาหนึ่งหรือในที่ใดที่หนึ่ง (ค) ข้อบกพร่องหรือข้อผิดพลาดใดก็ตามจะถูกแก้ไข (ง) แพลตฟอร์มจะจะไม่ไวรัสหรือส่วนประกอบที่อันตรายอื่น หรือ (จ) ผลลัพธ์หรือผลใดก็ตามสามารถบรรลุได้ การใช้แพลตฟอร์มนี้อยู่ที่ความเสี่ยงของคุณคนเดียว
คุณตกลงว่า Foursquare จะไม่รับผิดชอบหรือรับผิดต่อการเข้าถึง การปรับเปลี่ยน หรือการใช้บัญชีของคุณอย่างไม่ได้รับอนุญาต การส่งหรือข้อมูล หรือเนื้อหาหรือข้อมูลใดก็ตามที่ส่งหรือรับ หรือไม่ได้ส่งหรือรับผ่านแพลตฟอร์ม คุณตกลงว่า Foursquare จะไม่รับผิดชอบหรือรับผิดต่อการขู่ เนื้อหาที่ทำให้เสียชื่อเสียง ลามก น่ารังเกียจ ผิดกฎหมายหรือเนื้อหาหรือการประพฤติอื่นๆ ของบุคคลอื่น หรือการล่วงล้ำสิทธิของบุคคลอื่น รวมถึงสิทธิในทรัพย์สินทางปัญญา
ไม่ว่า ในกรณีใดก็ตาม Foursquare (หรือบริษัทในสังกัด ผู้ให้สิทธิและผู้จัดหาของบริษัท) จะไม่รับผิดที่เกี่ยวข้องกับเรื่องที่เกี่ยวกับแพลตฟอร์ม ไม่ว่าการเรียกร้องหรือการกระทำจะอยู่ในรูปแบบใดก็ตาม (ไม่ว่าจะเป็นสัญญา การละเลย การรับผิดอย่างเคร่งครัดหรืออื่นๆ) สำหรับ (ก) เรื่องใดก็ตามที่อยู่นอกเหนือการควบคุมที่สมเหตุสมผลของบริษัท (ข) การสูญเสียหรือความไม่ถูกต้องของข้อมูล การสูญเสียหรือการแทรกแซงการใช้ หรือค่าใช้จ่ายที่เกิดขึ้นจากการจัดซื้อเทคโนโลยี สินค้าหรือบริการมาแทน (ค) ค่าเสียหายทางอ้อม จากการลงโทษ ที่บังเอิญ การพึ่งพา พิเศษ เป็นตัวอย่างหรือที่เป็นผลตามมา รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงการเสียธุรกิจ รายได้ ผลกำไรหรือเจตนาดี หรือ (ง) ค่าเสียหายรวมเกิน 50.00 ดอลลาร์สหรัฐ หรือค่าธรรมเนียมที่คุณจ่ายสำหรับการเข้าถึงแพลตฟอร์มช่วงเวลา 12 เดือนที่ผ่านมา ขึ้นอยู่กับว่าอะไรมากกว่า แม้ว่า Foursquare จะได้รับแจ้งเกี่ยวกับความเป็นไปได้ของความเสียหายดังกล่าว ขีดจำกัดเหล่านี้เป็นอิสระจากข้อกำหนดอื่นๆ ทุกข้อของข้อตกลง และจะมีผลบังคับใช้ถึงแม้ว่าจะไม่มีการเยียวยาใดๆ ที่ระบุในที่นี้
บาง รัฐและเขตอำนาจไม่อนุญาตให้มีการแยกหรือมีขีดจำกัดของการรับผิดสำหรับค่าเสียหายจากเหตุการณ์หรือที่เป็นผลตามมา ดังนั้นขีดจำกัดและข้อยกเว้นด้านบนอาจใช้ไม่ได้กับคุณ
คุณตกลงที่จะ (ก) ปกป้อง Foursquare และพนักงาน ผู้รับเหมา เจ้าหน้าที่ ผู้อำนวยการ และตัวแทนจากการกระทำหรือการฟ้องร้องที่เกิดจากการใช้หรือการใช้แพลตฟอร์มอย่างไม่ถูกต้องของคุณ การทำธุรกรรมหรือการติดต่ออื่นใดกับผู้ใช้คนอื่นที่คุณเกี่ยวข้องด้วย หรือการทำผิดการรับรอง การรับประกันหรือสัญญาใดก็ตามของคุณภายใต้ข้อตกลงนี้และ (ข) ชดเชย Foursquare สำหรับค่าชำระหนี้หรือค่าเสียหาย การรับผิด ต้นทุนหรือค่าใช้จ่าย (รวมถึงค่าทนายที่สมเหตุสมผล) ที่ให้หรือเกิดจากการฟ้องร้องดังกล่าว Foursquare สงวนสิทธิปกป้องและควบคุมเรื่องใดก็ตามที่ต้องเป็นไปตามการชำระค่าทดแทนโดยคุณ ซึ่งในกรณีนี้คุณจะช่วยและร่วมมือกับ Foursquare ในการปกป้องที่มีอยู่
ข้อตกลงและการแจ้งใดก็ตามที่ให้ในรูปแบบอิเล็กทรอนิกส์จะสามารถส่งในรูปแบบสิ่งพิมพ์ได้ในกระบวนการพิจารณาในศาลหรือการปกครองตามหรือที่เกี่ยวข้องกับข้อตกลงตามขอบเขตเดียวกับและเป็นไปตามเงื่อนไขเดียวกับเอกสารและบันทึกทางธุรกิจอื่นที่สร้างและรักษาเบื้องต้นในรูปแบบสิ่งพิมพ์
ข้อตกลงจะถูกกำกับและตีความตามกฎหมายของรัฐนิวยอร์ก (ยกเว้นการขัดยังกับหลักแห่งกฎหมาย) และสหรัฐอเมริกา ในกรณีที่มีความขัดแย้งระหว่างกฎหมายสหรัฐและกฎหมาย กฎ และระเบียบต่างประเทศ กฎหมายและกฎของสหรัฐจะบังคับใช้อนุสัญญาสหประชาชาติว่าด้วยเรื่องสัญญาสำหรับการขายสินค้านานาชาติจะไม่บังคับใช้กับข้อตกลง คุณตกลงอย่างชัดเจนว่าเขตอำนาจพิเศษสำหรับการฟ้องร้องหรือการกระทำใดก็ตามที่เกิดจากหรือที่สัมพันธ์กับข้อตกลงหรือการใช้แพลตฟอร์มจะถูกทำในศาลรัฐหรือศาลส่วนกลางที่ตั้งอยู่นิวยอร์ก รัฐนิวยอร์ก สหรัฐอเมริกา และคุณยังตกลงและยอมรับการกระทำของเขตอำนาจส่วนบุคคลของศาลดังกล่าวเพื่อเป้าหมายในการดำเนินคดีการฟ้องร้องหรือการกระทำดังกล่าวใดก็ตาม ห้ามใช้แพลตฟอร์มในเขตอำนาจที่ไม่บังคับใช้ข้อกำหนดทั้งหมดของข้อตกลง รวมถึงแต่ไม่จำกัดเพียงหัวข้อนี้
นอกเหนือจากข้อตกลงเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษรอื่นๆ แล้ว ข้อตกลงนี้ที่คุณอาจทำร่วมกับ Foursquare เกี่ยวกับบริการเฉพาะเป็นข้อตกลงทั้งหมดระหว่างคุณและ Foursquare เกี่ยวกับแพลตฟอร์มและแทนที่การสื่อสารและข้อเสนอก่อนหน้านี้หรือที่เกิดขึ้นในเวลาเดียวกันทั้งหมด (ไม่ว่าจะเป็นทางปากเปล่า เป็นลายลักษณ์อักษร หรืออิเล็กทรอนิกส์) ระหว่างคุณและ Foursquare ว่าด้วยเรื่องแพลตฟอร์ม ถ้าข้อกำหนดใดก็ตามของเงื่อนไขการใช้งานเหล่านี้ถูกพบว่าบังคับใช้ไม่ได้หรือไม่ถูกต้อง ข้อกำหนดนั้นจะถูกจำกัดและลดจนถึงขอบเขตต่ำสุดที่จำเป็นเพื่อให้ข้อตกลงนี้ยังคงมีผลบังคับใช้เต็มที่อยู่
สิทธิและข้อผูกพันของคุณภายใต้ข้อตกลงนี้เป็นของคุณส่วนตัว และคุณไม่สามารถมอบหมาย ถ่ายโอน หรือให้ต่อได้ยกเว้นเมื่อคุณได้รับการยินยอมเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษรล่วงหน้าจาก Foursquare Foursquare อาจมอบหมาย ถ่ายโอน หรือให้สิทธิและข้อบังคับใดก็ตามของบริษัทด้านล่างนี้โดยไม่ได้รับการยินยอม การสละสิทธิ์ การยินยอม และการดัดแปลงทั้งหมดต้องถูกเขียนเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษรและเซ็นโดยทั้งสองฝ่ายยกเว้นมีมีการระบุเป็นอย่างอื่นในที่นี้ ไม่มีการสร้างหน่วยงาน หุ้นส่วน การร่วมทุนหรือความสัมพันธ์ในการจ้างงานอันเป็นผลมาจากแพลตฟอร์มหรือข้อตกลง และทั้งสองฝ่ายไม่มีอำนาจประเภทใดก็ตามที่จะผูกมัดอีกฝ่ายหนึ่งในด้านใดก็ตาม การแจ้งทั้งหมดภายใต้ข้อตกลงนี้จะต้องเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษร (รวมถึงอิเล็กทรอนิกส์) และจะถือว่าได้รับแล้วหากส่งด้วยตัวเองหรือส่งโดยไปรษณีย์ที่มีการประกันหรือลงทะเบียน มีการขอใบตอบรับการแจ้ง เมื่อมีการยืนยันการรับทางอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ ถ้าส่งทางแฟกซ์ อีเมลหรือผ่านบริการหนึ่งวันหลังข้อความถูกส่ง ถ้าส่งสำหรับการส่งวันถัดไปโดยบริการจัดส่งที่เป็นที่ยอมรับ
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!


--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
最終更新日:2012年4月24日
FOURSQUARE LABS, INC.(以下「当社」)のプラットフォームをご利用いただく前に本利用規約（「契約書」または「利用規約」)をご熟読下さい。本契約書には、認可されているFOURSQUARE のベニュープラットフォーム（本「プラットフォーム」）を使用する場合の法的拘束力のある契約条件を示しています。いかなる方法によって本プラットフォームに登録するか、またはプラットフォームを使用することによって、本契約による制約を受けることに同意するものとします。本契約書は、本プラットフォームのすべてのユーザーに適用となります。本契約書で使用され、定義されているすべての条件は、本契約書のみに適用となります。
本プラットフォームでは、(a) レストラン、ホテル、バー、商店、劇場、スタジアム、およびその他の物品・サービスのベニュー（以下「ベニュー」）、および / または (b) コンサート、映画、スポーツイベント、パーティー、社交イベント、およびその他のイベント（以下「イベント」）の所有者、主催者、イベントプランナー、お よびその他の権限を有する管理者（以下「管理者」）が、当社のデータベース内のベニューおよび / またはイベントの詳細の編集・修正、ベニューおよび / またはイベントにおける当社の「Foursquare」サービス（以下「サービス」）の使用に関する分析の表示、および Foursquare 上で管理するベニューおよび/またはイベントにおいて Foursquare でチェックインした顧客への特典（以下「特典」）の提供を行うことができます。ここで、ベニューの管理者は、当該管理者のベニューにおいて特典を提供することはできますが、当該管理者がイベントの管理者でもある場合を除いて、当該ベ ニューで行われているイベントで特典を提供することはできないことを明確にしておきます。同様に、イベントの管理者は、当該イベントにおいて特典を提供することはできますが、当該管理者がベニューの管理者である場合を除いて、当該管理者のイベントが行われているベニューで特典を提供することはできません。
本プラットフォームは、本契約書に記述されているあらゆる契約条件に変更を加えることなく承認された場合に提供されます。契約条件には、本サービスおよび Foursquare のウェブサイト（以下、「サイト」。現時点では：www.foursquare.com）に随時公表することのできるあらゆる使用条件およびその他の操作規定、方針、手順が含まれ、いずれも参照することにより組み込まれるものとします。
Foursquare は、いつでも、予告なしに、何らかの理由でプラットフォームを変更または終了する権利を有します。Foursquare は、いつでもこれらの利用規約またはその他のプラットフォームのポリシーを変更し、プラットフォームを介して通知を掲載することにより、内容の変更を通知する権利を有します。「内容の変更」は Foursquare の独自の裁量で、誠実に、常識と合理的な判断を用いたうえで決定されます。
ベニューまたはイベントを登録するため、管理者は当社の招待または承認を受け、そのようなべニューやイベントに適用される確認過程を完了する必要があり、その後、それらが「認可されているベニュー」または「認可されているイベント」となると、該当する場合はサービスプラットフォームにアクセスできるようになります。事業体として登録する場合は、事業体を本契約書に拘束させる権威を有することを表明し、保証することとします。当社は、当社の裁量において、あらゆる個人または事業体に対してサービスプラットフォームの提供を拒否することができ、また、いつでも本資格基準に関する規定を変更することができます。適用法によって禁止されている範囲では、本利用規約は無効であり、サービスプラットフォームへのアクセス権は、当該管轄権において無効となります。
各管理者は、現在の登録手順に特に明確に規定されているとおり、当社に現在の完全かつ正確な情報を提示し、登録する必要があるものとしま す。提示したすべての登録情報は正確かつ真実であることを表明し、保証します。当社は、提示された連絡先情報を用いて、身元を確認し、これにより、当社が直接連絡するまたは自動化された方法により連絡することを承諾するものとします。お客様は、アカウントにおいて発生したすべての行為に単独で責任を有するものとします。また、ご自身のプラットフォームのパスワードの守秘義務を保持する責任を有するものとします。また、明示的承諾を得ることなく、他人のユーザーアカウントを使用することはできません。自己のアカウントが許可なく使用されている場合、またはその他、セキュリティに違反しているアカウントに気がついた場合には、即座に当社まで書面にてお知らせください。お客様は、パスワードを保護できなかったことにより発生する損失または損害に対して当社が責任を負うことは不可能であり、また、当社は責任を負わないということに合意するものとします。
また、メールアドレスや電話番号などのアカウント情報を常に最新かつ正確なものに保つこととします。当社のアカウントを他当事者に譲渡または販売することはできません。
本プラットフォームを通じてお客様に提供する本プラットフォームの特定の機能、および/または特定のサービス、ならびに製品は、現在または将来にわたり有料となる可能性がございます（以下、「有料サービス」。当社は、第三者の決済処理会社を利用し て、有料サービスの使用に対して、本プラットフォーム上のお客様のアカウントにリンクされている支払アカウント（以下、お客様の「請求アカウント」）を通じてお客様に請求をいたします。支払処理は、本契約書に加えて、決済処理会社の利用規約、およびプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。当社は決済処理会社の過失に対して責任を負いません。有料サービスの利用を選択することで、お客様は決済処理会社を通じて、当該有料サービスのあらゆる使用に対して、その時点で有効な価格の全請求額を、適用する支払条件に従って当社に支払うことに合意し、当社が決済処理会社を通じて、お客様が選択した支払機関（以下、お客様の「支払方法」）に請求することを承認することに合意します。また、お客様は、この選択した支払方法を使用して支払うことに合意します。当社は、支払いの要求が終わっていて も、また、支払いを受け取った阿智でも、エラーまたは間違いを訂正する権利を留保します。
本プラットフォームおよび全コンテンツ、情報、本プラットフォームを介して使用することのできる他の構成要素は、著作権、商標、サービスマーク、 特許、企業秘密、その他の所有権および法律、またはプライバシー法によって保護されていることを認識し、これに同意するものとします。当社（および当社のライセンサー）は、本契約書内およびそれに付随するすべての権利、権原および権益（すべての知的所有権および所有権を含む）を所有し、保持するものとします。お客様は、当社により明示的に権限を与えられた範囲に限り、およびその範囲内のみで、本プラットフォームの二次的著作物またはそのようなコンテンツ、情報、その他の要素の販売、ライセンスの供与、賃貸、修正、配布、複写、複製、送信、公的表示、公的実施、公開、改変、編集、または作成を行わず、また、第三者によるそれらの行為を認めないことに同意することとします。
本利用規約の目的として、用語「コンテンツ」には、記載されたコメント、情報、データ、テキスト、写真、ソフトウェア、スクリプト、グラフィック、他のコンテンツなどを含みますが、これらに限定されるものではありません。
本プラットフォームを通してまたはその他の方法で、お客様が Foursquare に提供したいかなるコンテンツをアップロード、投稿、提出または配信することにより、お客様はここに、
当社は、あらゆるスポット、べニュー、緯度、経度、またはお客様が送信、アップロード、投稿、作成、または本プラットフォーム（本サービスを含み、それに限らず）に追加するその他のスポット情報を使用、複製、譲渡、サブライセンスする許諾のほか、永久に有効活用する権利を有するものとします。
ご使用いただく際、本利用規約で禁止されている目的で本プラットフォームを使用しないでください。お客様は、本プラットフォームに関連する活動すべてに責任を負います。
例として、またこれに限らず、お客様は（また、いかなる第三者も）、本サービス上または当該サービスを介して、ユーザーからの投稿を含み、また、これに限らず、以下のコンテンツを (a) 訴える行為、(b) アップロード、ダウンロード、投稿、送信、配信する、または配信を促進する行為を行わないこととします。
ユーザーからの投稿に写真が含まれる場合は、当社の写真ガイドラインが適用されるものとします。
また、以下は（直接的または間接的にも）禁止されています。
当社はあらゆるコンテンツまたはユーザーからの投稿（上記に定義されています）が本プラットフォームを介して利用できるようになることを保証するものではありません。当社は、本プラットフォーム、コンテンツまたはユーザーからの投稿を監視する義務を有するものではありません。しかし、当社では以下の権利を有しています。(a)お客様に通知することなく、何らかの理由（第三者またはかかるコンテンツに関連のある権限からの請求または申し立てを受領する際、または当社が本利用規約に違反している可能性があると判断する場合を含みます）により、または、ほかに特別な理由もなく、あらゆるコンテンツ（ユーザーからの投稿を含む）を、いかなる時でも本プラットフォームから当社単独の裁量で削除、編集、変更する権利。(b）プラットフォームからあらゆるユーザーからの投稿を削除するまたは妨害する権利。当社は、当社が必要と妥当に信じるあらゆる情報に、以下を行うためにアクセス、読み取り、保全または開示する権利も保持します。(i) 適用される法律、規制、司法手続や政府の要請への順守。(ii) 本規約の施行（これに対する違反の疑惑に対する調査を含める）。(iii) 不正行為、セキュリティや技術的問題の検出、防止や対処。(iv) ユーザーのサポート要請への対処。(v) 当社、当社のユーザーや一般市民の権利、財産や安全の保護。
本契約書には当社のプライバシーポリシーが含まれており、プライバシーポリシーでは、お客様が本プラットフォームにアクセスしている間に当社が収集する個人情報およびその他のデータの当社の取り扱いについて記載しています。ここで、申し立ての確認プロセス中にお客様が提出する情報は、当該プ ロセスに関連する目的で、当社が保持し使用することを明確にいたします。
本プラットフォームを使用するにあたって、Foursquare プラットフォームのユーザーから、twitter アカウント名、名前、現所在地の都市名および国名、外出日数、チェックイン、Foursquare で行った事、Foursquare 上の友達数（10名を表示）といった個人情報を得る可能性があります。。当社または適切なユーザーからの事前の許可がない場合、こういった個人情報は、Foursquare の利用を確認する目的で、お客様のべニュー、およびお客様自身によってのみ閲覧するものとし、かかる情報をその他の目的で使用または公開することは認められません。未承諾広告に関する情報を使用するために、当社がライセンスを付与することはありません。上記に制限されることなく、ユーザーからの明示的な承諾がない場合、ユーザーをメールアドレスリストまたは住所録に追加するライセンスは付与されません。お客様は、すべての Foursquare ユーザーのデータおよび情報を不正な使用、公開、および第三者によるアクセスから保護するため、商業上妥当な段階を踏み、適用可能な法律、規定、および規則に準拠することに同意するものとします。
Foursquare はプラットフォームのすべて、または一部に対するユーザーのアクセスをいつでも、理由の如何に問わず、また、通知することなく、即時停止することができることとします。登録とアカウントの解約を希望する場合、プラットフォーム上のガイドに従うことで、いつでも解約可能です。
解約時は、当事者のすべての権利および義務が終了し、直ちに本プラットフォームの使用を終了するものとします。ただし、以下の場合は除きます。(a) 契約終了の効力発生日前に未収であるすべての義務（すべての支払い債務を含む）および契約違反に対するすべての救済は存続するものとする。(b) 第5章、第7章および第9章～第14 章に記載されている条項は、存続するものとします。契約終了後、当社は、あらゆるユーザーのアカウントにおいて、いずれのコンテンツも維持する義務を有す るものではありません。また、未読または未送信メッセージをお客様自身または「Foursquare」サービスのあらゆるユーザーまたはあらゆる他方当事者に転送する義務を有するものではありません。
本プラットフォームは、「現状有り姿のまま」、「提供可能な範囲で」提供されます。本プラットフォームを提供する場合は、いかなる種類の保証を行わず、明 示または黙示を問わず、権原、非侵害、統合、商品性、特定目的への適合性についての黙示の保証は、履行の過程または取引慣行による黙示の保証などを含めて、すべて明示的に否認するものとします。当社は、(A) すべての情報は適時で、正確かつ信頼性がある、もしくは誤りのないものであること、(B) 本プラットフォームが安全で誤りがなく、中断することなく、特定の時期または場所で利用可能であること、(C) 不具合または誤りを修正すること、(D) 本プラットフォームがウイルスまたはその他の有害成分を含まないこと、または (E) 何らかの結果または成果を得られることについて、一切の保証を負わないものとします。本プラットフォームを利用される場合は、お客様単独の責任で行うものとします。
お客様は、Foursquare がお客様のアカウントに対する不正なアクセスや変更、使用、または本プラットフォームを介した通信またはデータ、受信済み、送信済み、または、未受信、未送信の任意の資料やデータに対して責任を負わないことに同意することとします。また、Foursquare が第三者の脅迫的、中傷的、わいせつ、不快、違法、またはその他のコンテンツや行為、または知的財産権を含む他人の権利の侵害への責任を一切負わないことにも同意することとします。
いかなる場合も当社（または当社の提携会社、ライセンサーおよび供給業者）は、本プラットフォームに関連するあらゆる対象に関して、あらゆる請求または訴訟の形式に関係なく（契約の記述または過失、厳格責任もしくは別の方法の有無を問わず）、(A) 当社の合理的な支配の及ばない事項 (B) データの喪失または不正確、使用の喪失または中断、代用技術、商品またはプラットフォームの調達費用(C) 取引、収入、利益または営業権の損失を含む間接的、懲罰的、付随的、信頼性、特別、懲罰的、派生的損害 (D) 当社がかかる損害が発生しうることを示唆したにもかかわらず、総額が50.00米ドルを超える場合、またはこれまでの12ヶ月間に本プラットフォームへアクセスするために支払った費用のうち、いずれか最も大きい損害に対して責任を負わないものとします。このような制限は、本契約のその他の条項からは独立しており、本契約書に記述されているあらゆる救済の不履行にもかかわらず、適用するものとします。
国およびその他の裁判権によっては、付随的または派生的損害に対する責任を排除または制限できない場合もあり、このため、上記制限および排除が適用されない場合もあります。
お客様は、(a) 本プラットフォームの使用または誤用、あらゆる経済活動または関与している他のユーザーまたは他の第三者とのその他の取引、または本契約書において行われた表明、保証または誓約の違反によって発生するあらゆる行為または訴訟に対して、当社および当社の従業員、請負業者、役員、取締役および代表者を弁護すること、および (b) かかる請求により裁定され、発生する決済金額または損害、債務、代金、費用について、当社にを免責する（合理的な弁護士料を含む）ことに同意することとします。当社は、その他、お客様によって補償を受ける事項について、排他的防衛と支配を受ける権利を有します。この場合、当社と協力して利用可能な防衛を主張します。当社はお客様による免責事項につ いて、専守防衛権および支配権を留保します。この場合、お客様は当社と協力して適用可能な防衛策を主張します。
本契約書および電子的形態にて表示されたあらゆる通知は、本契約書に基づいて、または本契約書に関連して、従来、印刷物として作成し保存しているその他の文書および記録と同じ範囲において、同じ条件下で、司法手続または行政手続において、証拠能力があるものとします。
本契約は、ニューヨーク州法（法の抵触のルール以外）およびアメリカ合衆国法に準拠し、同法に従って解釈されるものとします。アメリカ合衆国と外国の法律、規則、規定が一致しない場合には、アメリカ合衆国の法律、規則、規定を適用するものとします。本契約書では、国連国際物品売買条約は適用しないものとします。お客様は本契約書によって、または本契約書に関連して発生するもしくは本プラットフォームの使用により発生するあらゆる請求または訴訟の専属管轄権は、国内またはアメリカ合衆国ニューヨーク州ニューヨークにある連邦裁判所のみ有することに明示的に同意するものとします。また、かかる請求または訴訟を起こすために、かかる裁判所の個人的管轄権を行使することに同意し、従うものとします。本項も含み本契約の全条項を実施することのない裁判管轄区域においては、 本プラットフォームを使用する権限は付与されていません。
本契約は、特定のサービスに関して当社と結ぶ可能性がある、その他のあらゆる書面契約書と同様に、本プラットフォームに関して、お客様と当社と間での完全なる合意を構成するものとします。また、本プラットフォームに関して、お客様と当社間での事前または同時期の通信および提案（口頭、書面または電子的形態にかかわらず）に優先するものとします。本契約のあらゆる条件が履行不能であること、または無効であることが明らかである場合、この条件は、最低限必要な範囲まで制限されるか、または除外されるものとします。そうでない場合には、本契約は、全面的に有効なままであり、実行可能であるものとします。
本契約に基づく権利および義務は個人のものであり、譲渡、移転、サブライセンスを許諾することはできません。ただし、事前に当社の書面による同意がある場合を除きます。当社は、本規約に基づき、同意なく、この権利および義務を譲渡、移転、委任することができます。すべての権利の放棄、同意および変更は、両当事者の署名により、書面にて行う必要があります。ただし、本契約において、他に規定されている場合は除きます。本プラットフォームまたは本契約の結果として代理店、共同事業、ジョイントベンチャーまたは雇用が創出されることはなく、いずれの当事者もいかなる点でも他方当事者を拘束する権限はないものとします。本契約書に基づく通知は必ず書面（電子的形態を含む）にて行い、個人的に配布されるか、または配達証明付き郵便または受領通知付きの書留郵便で発送した場合は受領した際に、ファクシミリ、電子メール、本プラットフォームを経由して送信された場合は受領が電子的形態により確認された際に、公認の宅配便により翌日配達される場合は発送日翌日に正式に通知されたものとみなされるものとします。
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Dernière mise à jour : 24 avril 2012
LISEZ ATTENTIVEMENT LES CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION (« ACCORD » OU « CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION ») AVANT D'UTILISER LES SERVICES PROPOSÉS PAR FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. (« FOURSQUARE »). CET ACCORD DÉFINIT LES CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION CONTRAIGNANTES DE LA PLATEFORME DES LIEUX ET DES ÉVÉNEMENTS AUTORISÉS DE FOURSQUARE (« PLATEFORME »). EN VOUS ENREGISTRANT ET/OU EN UTILISANT LA PLATEFORME DE QUELQUE MANIÈRE QUE CE SOIT, VOUS ACCEPTEZ DE VOUS CONFORMER À CET ACCORD. CET ACCORD S'APPLIQUE À TOUS LES UTILISATEURS DU SERVICE. L'ENSEMBLE DES DISPOSITIONS DÉFINIES ET UTILISÉES DANS LES PRÉSENTES NE S'APPLIQUENT QU'À CET ACCORD.
La plateforme permet aux propriétaires, organisateurs, planificateurs d'événements et autres responsables autorisés (« Responsables ») de (a) restaurants, hôtels, bars, magasins, théâtres, stades et autres lieux de biens et services (« Lieux ») et/ou de (b) concerts, films, événements sportifs, fêtes, événements sociaux et d'autres événements (« Événements ») d'éditer et corriger leur lieu et/ou les informations liées à leur Événement dans la base Foursquare, d'afficher l'analyse sur l'utilisation du service « Foursquare » de Foursquare (« Service » ) pour leur lieu et/ou leur Événement et d'attribuer des Offres spéciales (« Offres spéciales ») aux clients qui publient un check-in sur le lieu et/ou l'événement qu'ils gèrent sur Foursquare. Pour plus de clarté, le Responsable d'un Lieu peut proposer des Offres spéciales pour un Lieu, mais ne peut pas le faire pour un Événement se tenant dans le même lieu, sauf si le Responsable du Lieu est aussi le Responsable de l'Événement. De même, le Responsable d'un Événement peut proposer des Offres spéciales pour cet Événement, mais ne peut pas le faire pour le lieu où se tient l'Événement, sauf si le Responsable de l'Événement est aussi le Responsable du Lieu.
La plateforme est sujette sujet à votre acceptation sans réserve des termes et conditions contenus dans les présentes. Ces dispositions incluent toutes les conditions d'utilisation, règles de fonctionnement, politiques et procédures pouvant être publiées ponctuellement sur la Plateforme ou sur le site Web Foursquare (dont l'adresse actuelle est www.foursquare.com, ci-après nommé le « Site »), chacun d'eux étant incorporé par référence.
Foursquare se réserve le droit de modifier ou de résilier la plateforme pour une raison quelconque, sans préavis, à tout moment. Foursquare se réserve le droit de modifier ces Conditions d'utilisation ou autres politiques de la Plateforme à tout moment et de vous informer de changements importants en affichant un avis sur la Plateforme. Un « changement important » est déterminé à la seule discrétion de Foursquare, en toute bonne foi, et en utilisant le bon sens et un jugement raisonnable.
Pour revendiquer un lieu ou un événement, un responsable doit être invité et/ou approuvé par Foursquare, suivre le processus de vérification permettant à ce lieu ou cet événement de devenir un « Lieu autorisé » ou un « Événement autorisé » et accéder à la Plateforme de service. Si vous vous enregistrez comme entité commerciale, vous déclarez et garantissez que vous disposez de l'autorité pour lier l'entité au présent Accord. Foursquare, peut, à sa seule discrétion, refuser de proposer la Plateforme de service à toute personne ou entité et modifier à tout moment ses critères d'éligibilité. Ces Conditions d'utilisation ne sont pas applicables dans le cadre interdit par la loi et l'accès à la Plateforme de service est révoqué dans ces juridictions.
Chaque Responsable doit suivre le processus d'inscription en fournissant à Foursquare des renseignements à jour, complets et exacts, en particulier dans le cadre des procédures d'inscription et de vérification en vigueur. Vous déclarez et garantissez que toutes les informations d'inscription que vous soumettez sont exactes et véridiques. Foursquare utilisera les informations de contact et les autres informations que vous fournissez afin de vérifier votre identité et, par la présente, vous autorisez Foursquare à vous contacter directement ou par des moyens automatisés. Vous êtes seul responsable des activités effectuées par le biais de votre compte, ainsi que du maintien de la confidentialité de votre mot de passe de plateforme. Vous ne devez jamais utiliser le compte d'une autre personne sans son autorisation expresse. Vous informerez immédiatement Foursquare par écrit de toute utilisation non autorisée de votre compte ou de toute autre violation de la sécurité liée à votre compte dont vous avez connaissance. Vous reconnaissez que Foursquare ne peut être tenu responsable des pertes ou dommages découlant de votre incapacité à garder votre mot de passe sécurisé.
Les informations de votre compte doivent être constamment à jour et précises et contenir une adresse e-mail et un numéro de téléphone valides. Vous ne pouvez ni transférer, ni vendre votre compte Foursquare à un tiers.
Certaines fonctionalités de la Plateforme et/ou de certains services et produits mis à votre disposition sur la Plateforme peuvent être assujettis à des paiements dès à présent ou ultérieurement (« Services Payants »). Foursquare utilise un Système de Paiement tiers (le « Système de Paiement ») pour vous facturer sur un compte de paiement associé à votre compte sur la Plateforme (votre « Compte de facturation ») pour l'utilisation des Services Payants. Le processus de paiement sera soumis aux conditions et aux politiques de confidentialité du Système de Paiement en plus de ce contrat. Nous ne sommes pas responsable des erreurs faites par le Système de Paiement. En choisissant d'utiliser les Services Payants, vous acceptez de payer Foursquare, en utilisant le Système de Paiement pour tous les montants facturés alors en vigueur de tous ces Services Payants selon les conditions de paiement applicables et vous autorisez Foursquare, à facturer votre fournisseur de paiement choisi (votre « Moyen de paiement ») par l'intermédiaire du Système de Paiement. Vous acceptez d'effectuer les paiements en utilisant ce Moyen de Paiement sélectionné. Foursquare se réserve le droit de corriger toutes les erreurs qui pourraient se produire même si les facturations ont déjà été émises ou si les paiements ont déjà été reçus.
Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que la Plateforme et l'intégralité de son contenu, de ses informations et des autres documents mis à disposition via la Plateforme sont protégés par des droits d'auteur, des marques commerciales, des marques de service, des brevets, des secrets commerciaux, des droits et des lois de propriété ou des lois de confidentialité, et que Foursquare (et ses concédants) conserve l'intégralité des droits, titres et intérêts (droits de propriété et de propriété intellectuelle inclus) afférents. Sauf dans la mesure expressément autorisée par Foursquare, vous convenez de ne pas (ou permettre à un tiers de) vendre, licencier, louer, modifier, distribuer, copier, reproduire, transmettre, afficher publiquement, exécuter publiquement, adapter, éditer ou créer des dérivés de la Plateforme et de son contenu, de ses informations ou autres documents.
Aux fins des Conditions d'utilisation, le terme « Contenu » inclut, sans s'y limiter, les commentaires écrits, les informations, les données, le texte, les photographies, les logiciels, les scripts, les éléments graphiques et tout autre contenu.
En téléchargeant, publiant, soumettant ou distribuant de toute autre manière du Contenu (« Soumission utilisateur ») via la Plateforme ou en le fournissant à Foursquare par tout autre moyen, vous :
Foursquare a le droit d'utiliser, de reproduire, de transférer, d'accorder une sous-licence et d'exploiter de quelque autre façon que ce soit et de façon permanente toute information d'endroit, de lieu, de latitude ou de longitude, ou tout autre information de localisation que vous soumettez, téléchargez, publiez, créez ou ajoutez à la Plateforme (y compris sans s'y limiter, en rapport avec le Service).
Vous vous engagez à ne pas utiliser le Service à des fins qui sont interdites par les présentes Conditions d'utilisation. Vous êtes responsable de l'ensemble de votre activité en relation avec la plateforme.
À titre d'exemple non limitatif, vous ne pouvez pas (ni permettre à un tiers de) (a) prendre des mesures ou (b) charger, télécharger, publier, soumettre, distribuer ou faciliter la distribution de tout Contenu sur ou via la Plateforme, y compris, sans s'y limiter, toute Soumission utilisateur qui :
Si la Soumission utilisateur inclut une photographie, les Consignes relatives aux photos Foursquare doivent s'appliquer.
Vous ne devez pas (directement ou indirectement) :
Foursquare ne garantit pas la mise à disposition de tout le Contenu ou de toutes les Soumissions utilisateur via la Plateforme. Foursquare n'est pas tenu de surveiller la Plateforme, le Contenu ou les Soumissions utilisateur. Toutefois, Foursquare se réserve le droit de (a) supprimer, d'éditer ou de modifier du Contenu à sa seule discrétion y compris, sans s'y limiter, toute Soumission utilisateur provenant de la plateforme, à tout moment, sans préavis pour une raison quelconque (y compris, sans toutefois s'y limiter, en cas de réclamations ou d'allégations de tiers ou d'autorités concernant le Contenu ou si Foursquare s'interroge sur la possibilité que vous ayez enfreint les Conditions d'utilisation) ou sans aucune raison et (b) de supprimer ou de bloquer toute Soumission utilisateur à partir de la Plateforme. Foursquare se réserve également le droit d'accéder, de lire, de conserver et de divulguer les informations jugées nécessaires pour (i) satisfaire l'ensemble des lois, réglementations, processus juridiques ou demandes gouvernementales, (ii) faire appliquer les présentes Conditions d'utilisation et étudier d'éventuelles violations de celles-ci, (iii) détecter, empêcher ou traiter des problèmes techniques, de sécurité ou de fraude, (iv) répondre à des demandes d'assistance de la part d'utilisateurs, ou (v) protéger les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité de Foursquare, de ses utilisateurs et du public.
Le présent Accord intègre la Politique de confidentialité de Foursquare, qui couvre le traitement des informations identifiables personnellement et autres données collectées par Foursquare lors de votre accès à la Plateforme. Dans un objectif de clarté, les informations que vous soumettez lors du processus de vérification de la revendication seront conservées et utilisées par Foursquare dans le cadre de ce processus.
Dans le cadre de l'utilisation de la Plateforme, vous pouvez obtenir des informations personnelles d'utilisateurs Foursquare, y compris, sans s'y limiter, le nom de compte Twitter, le prénom et nom de famille, la ville et l'état de résidence, le nombre de jours de sortie, les check-ins et les actions effectuées sur Foursquare et le nombre d'amis sur Foursquare (dix sont affichés). Vous pouvez utiliser ces informations personnelles pour consulter les statistiques d'utilisation de Foursquare dans votre lieu sans l'autorisation préalable de Foursquare ou de l'utilisateur concerné. Toutefois, vous ne pouvez ni utiliser, ni divulguer ces informations à toute autre fin. Foursquare ne vous accorde pas le droit d'utiliser ces informations pour envoyer des messages commerciaux non sollicités. Sans le consentement de l'utilisateur et sans limiter les dispositions précédentes, vous n'êtes pas autorisé à ajouter un utilisateur Foursquare à votre liste de diffusion électronique ou postale. Vous acceptez, commercialement parlant, d'agir raisonnablement, conformément aux lois et réglementations applicables, pour empêcher toute utilisation, divulgation et consultation non autorisées par des tiers des données et informations des utilisateurs Foursquare.
Foursquare peut à tout moment résilier votre accès à tout ou partie de la Plateforme, avec ou sans motif et préavis, avec une application immédiate. Vous êtes libre de résilier votre inscription et de clôturer votre compte à tout moment, en suivant les instructions fournies sur la Plateforme.
En cas de résiliation, les droits et obligations des parties cessent d'exister et vous devez immédiatement cesser d'utiliser la Plateforme. Toutefois, (a) toutes les obligations contractées préalablement à la date effective de résiliation (y compris sans s'y limiter, toute obligation de paiement) et tous les recours pour violation du présent Accord subsistent ; (b) les dispositions des sections 5, 7 et 9 à 14 incluses subsistent. Après la résiliation, Foursquare n'est en aucun cas tenu de conserver le contenu du compte utilisateur, ni de transférer les éventuels messages non lus ou non envoyés à qui que ce soit.
LA Plateforme EST FOURNIE EN L'ÉTAT ET SELON DISPONIBILITÉ, SANS AUCUNE GARANTIE D'AUCUNE SORTE, EXPLICITE OU IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS, SANS S'Y LIMITER, LES GARANTIES IMPLICITES DE TITRE, D'ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON, D'INTÉGRATION, DE QUALITÉ MARCHANDE ET D'ADAPTABILITÉ À UN USAGE PARTICULIER ET TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE DÉCOULANT DE L'UTILISATION DE LA MARQUE, QUI SONT EXPRESSÉMENT EXCLUES, EXCEPTÉ DANS LA PORTÉE REQUISE PAR LA LOI. FOURSQUARE NE GARANTIT PAS QUE : (A) LES INFORMATIONS SERONT FOURNIES À TEMPS ET SERONT PRÉCISES, FIABLES OU CORRECTES ; (B) LA Plateforme SERA SÉCURISÉE, EXEMPTE D'ERREURS OU DISPONIBLE À TOUT MOMENT ET EN TOUT LIEU ; (C) LES DÉFAUTS OU LES ERREURS SERONT CORRIGÉS ; (D) LA Plateforme SERA EXEMPTE DE VIRUS OU DE COMPOSANTS DANGEREUX ; (E) LES RÉSULTATS DE L'UTILISATION DE LA Plateforme RÉPONDRONT À VOS EXIGENCES. VOUS UTILISEZ LE SERVICE À VOS PROPRES RISQUES.
Vous acceptez que Foursquare ne puisse être tenu responsable de tout accès non autorisé, modification ou utilisation de votre compte, transmissions ou données ou de tous supports ou données envoyés ou reçus ou non envoyés ou non reçus par la Plateforme. Vous acceptez que Foursquare ne puisse être tenu responsable de tout contenu menaçant, diffamatoire, obscène, grossier, illicite ou autre, ou de la conduite d'un tiers ou de la violation des droits d'autrui, y compris les droits de propriété intellectuelle.
EN AUCUN CAS FOURSQUARE (OU SES FILIALES, CONCÉDANTS ET FOURNISSEURS) NE PEUT ÊTRE RESPONSABLE DE PROBLÈMES LIÉS À LA PLATEFORME, QUELLE QUE SOIT LA FORME DE LA RÉCLAMATION OU DE L'ACTION (QUE CE SOIT EN CONTRAT, NÉGLIGENCE, RESPONSABILITÉ ABSOLUE OU AUTRE), POUR (A) TOUT PROBLÈME AU-DELÀ DE SON CONTRÔLE RAISONNABLE, (B) TOUTE PERTE OU INEXACTITUDE DE DONNÉES, PERTE OU INTERRUPTION DE L'UTILISATION OU TOUS FRAIS D'OBTENTION DE LA TECHNOLOGIE, DE BIENS OU DE SERVICES DE SUBSTITUTION, (C) TOUS DOMMAGES ET INTÉRÊTS INDIRECTS, PUNITIFS, ACCESSOIRES, DE DÉDOMMAGEMENT, SPÉCIAUX, EXEMPLAIRES OU CONSÉCUTIFS, Y COMPRIS, SANS S'Y LIMITER, LES PERTES D'ACTIVITÉ, DE REVENUS, DE BÉNÉFICES OU DE FONDS COMMERCIAL ​​OU (D) TOUS DOMMAGES CUMULÉS SUPÉRIEURS À 50 $ USD OU AUX FRAIS D'ACCÈS À LA Plateforme ENGAGÉS AU COURS DES 12 DERNIERS MOIS (LA VALEUR LA PLUS ÉLEVÉE ÉTANT RETENUE), MÊME SI FOURSQUARE A ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. CES LIMITATIONS SONT INDÉPENDANTES DE TOUTES LES DISPOSITIONS DU PRÉSENT CONTRAT ET S'APPLIQUENT NONOBSTANT LA DÉFAILLANCE DE TOUT RECOURS AUX PRÉSENTES.
CERTAINS ÉTATS ET AUTRES JURIDICTIONS INTERDISENT L'EXCLUSION OU LA LIMITATION DES RESPONSABILITÉS EN CAS DE DOMMAGE INDIRECT OU CONSÉCUTIF. DE CE FAIT, LES LIMITATIONS ET EXCLUSIONS SUSMENTIONNÉES PEUVENT NE PAS S'APPLIQUER DANS VOTRE CAS.
Vous acceptez (a) de défendre Foursquare et ses employés, sous-traitants, responsables, dirigeants et représentants contre toute action ou tout procès résultant de votre utilisation ou utilisation inadéquate de la Plateforme, de toute transaction ou autre opération entre vous et un autre utilisateur ou tiers, de la violation d'une de vos déclarations, garanties ou conventions telles qu'énoncées dans ce Contrat et (b) d'indemniser Foursquare pour les frais et dommages résultant d'un accord, ainsi que pour les responsabilités, coûts et dépenses (notamment les frais judiciaires raisonnables) résultant d'une telle action. Foursquare se réserve le droit d'assurer la défense et le contrôle exclusifs de toute affaire soumise à une indemnisation de votre part, auquel cas vous vous engagerez à aider Foursquare et à coopérer pour faire valoir toute défense possible.
Une version imprimée de ce Contrat et de toute notification donnée sous forme électronique sera admissible dans une procédure judiciaire ou administrative fondée sur le Contrat, dans la même mesure et sous réserve des mêmes conditions que les autres documents commerciaux et dossiers initialement générés et conservés sous forme imprimée.
Le Contrat est régi et interprété selon la législation de l'état de New-York, à l'exception des règles en matière de conflit de loi, et la législation des États-Unis d'Amérique. En cas de conflit entre le droit américain et le droit étranger, les lois, règles et règlementations des États-Unis s'appliquent. La Convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises ne s'applique pas au présent Contrat. Vous acceptez expressément que toute réclamation ou poursuite résultant de ou liée au présent Contrat ou de l’utilisation de la Plateforme soit portée devant un tribunal d'état ou fédéral situé à New York, état de New York, États-Unis. En outre, vous reconnaissez et vous soumettez à la juridiction desdits tribunaux dans le cadre de telles poursuites ou réclamations. L'utilisation de la Plateforme n'est pas autorisée dans les juridictions qui n'appliquent pas toutes les dispositions du Contrat, y compris, entre autres, la présente section.
Le présent Contrat et les autres contrats écrits conclus avec Foursquare concernant des services spécifiques constituent l'intégralité du contrat relatif à la Plateforme entre vous et Foursquare. Ces contrats prévalent sur toutes les communications et propositions antérieures et actuelles (orales, écrites ou électroniques) relatives à la Plateforme entre vous et Foursquare. Si une disposition des présentes Conditions d'utilisation est jugée inapplicable ou non valide, cette disposition sera limitée ou éliminée dans la mesure minimale nécessaire pour que ces conditions d'utilisation restent pleinement applicables.
Vos droits et obligations en vertu du présent Accord vous sont personnels. Ils ne sont pas cessibles, transférables ou sous-licenciables par vous, sauf accord écrit préalable de Foursquare. Foursquare se réserve le droit de céder, transférer ou déléguer, partiellement ou totalement, ses droits et obligations sans votre accord. L'ensemble des renonciations, consentements et modifications doivent être consignés dans un écrit signé par les deux parties, sauf indication contraire dans les présentes. Ce Contrat ou cette Plateforme ne crée pas d'agence, de partenariat, de joint venture, ou de relation de travail et aucune partie n'a le pouvoir de lier l'autre à tous égards. Toutes les notifications en vertu du présent Contrat se feront par écrit (ce qui inclut la forme électronique) et seront réputées avoir été dûment remises : après réception d'un accusé, s'il s'agit d'une remise en mains propres ou d'un courrier recommandé avec accusé de réception ; après réception d'un accusé de réception électronique, si l'envoi se fait par télécopieur, e-mail ou par le biais du Service ; le jour après son envoi, si l'envoi a été effectué par un transporteur J+1 reconnu.
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !


--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Última actualización: 24 de abril, 2012
POR FAVOR LEE ATENTAMENTE ESTAS CONDICIONES DE USO ("ACUERDO" O "CONDICIONES DE USO") ANTES DE UTILIZAR LOS SERVICIOS OFRECIDOS POR FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"). ESTE ACUERDO ESTABLECE LOS TÉRMINOS Y LAS CONDICIONES LEGALMENTE VINCULANTES Y LAS CONDICIONES PARA TU USO DE LA PLATAFORMA DE LUGARES Y EVENTOS AUTORIZADOS DE FOURSQUARE (LA "PLATAFORMA"). AL REGISTRARTE Y/O UTILIZAR LA PLATAFORMA DE CUALQUIER FORMA, TE COMPROMETES A RESPETAR EL PRESENTE ACUERDO. ESTE ACUERDO SE APLICA A TODOS LOS USUARIOS DE LA PLATAFORMA. TODOS LOS TÉRMINOS DEFINIDOS UTILIZADOS EN EL PRESENTE ÚNICAMENTE SE APLICARÁN A ESTE ACUERDO.
La Plataforma permite a los propietarios, organizadores, planificadores de eventos y otros administradores autorizados ("Administradores") de (a) restaurantes, hoteles, bares, tiendas, teatros, estadios y otros lugares de bienes y servicios ("Lugares") y/o (b) conciertos, películas, eventos deportivos, fiestas, eventos sociales y otros eventos ("Eventos") editar y corregir los datos de su Lugar y/o Evento en la base de datos de Foursquare, ver estadísticas sobre el uso del servicio "Foursquare" de Foursquare (el "Servicio") en su Lugar y/o Evento y recompensar con ofertas especiales ("Promociones") a los clientes que optan por hacer check-in en Foursquare en el Lugar y/o Evento que administran en Foursquare. Para mayor claridad, el Administrador de un Lugar puede ofrecer Promociones en dicho Lugar del Administrador, pero no puede ofrecer Promociones en un Evento que se celebra en dicho Lugar a menos que dicho Administrador sea también el Administrador del Evento. Del mismo modo, el Administrador de un Evento puede ofrecer Promociones en dicho Evento, pero no puede ofrecer Promociones en el Lugar donde se celebra el Evento de dicho Administrador, a menos que dicho Administrador sea también el Administrador del Lugar.
La Plataforma se ofrece sujeta a la aceptación sin modificación de todos los términos y las condiciones contenidas en el presente, cuyas condiciones incluyen todas las condiciones de uso y otras normas, políticas y procedimientos de funcionamiento que puedan ser publicadas periódicamente en la Plataforma o en el sitio web de Foursquare (actualmente ubicado en www.foursquare.com, el "Sitio"), cada uno de los cuales se incorpora por referencia.
Foursquare se reserva el derecho de modificar o terminar la Plataforma por cualquier motivo, sin previo aviso, en cualquier momento. Foursquare se reserva el derecho de modificar estas Condiciones de uso u otras políticas de la Plataforma, en cualquier momento y te notificará de los cambios sustanciales mediante la publicación de un aviso a través de la Plataforma. Lo que constituye un "cambio sustancial" será determinado a exclusiva discreción de Foursquare, de buena fe, mediante sentido común y un criterio razonable.
Para reclamar un Lugar o un Evento, un Administrador debe ser invitado y/o aprobado por Foursquare y completar el proceso de verificación aplicable para que dicho Lugar o Evento se vuelva un "Lugar autorizado" o un "Evento autorizado", según corresponda, y acceder a la Plataforma de Servicio. Si tú te registras como una entidad comercial, declaras y garantizas que tienes la autoridad para obligar a la entidad a cumplir con el presente Acuerdo. Foursquare puede, a su entera discreción, negarse a ofrecer la Plataforma de servicio a cualquier persona o entidad y cambiar su criterio de elegibilidad en cualquier momento. Estas Condiciones de uso son nulas en la medida prohibida por la ley correspondiente y el derecho a acceder a la Plataforma de servicio se revoca en dichas jurisdicciones.
Cada Administrador debe completar el proceso de registro proporcionando a Foursquare información actual, completa y precisa, como la requerida más específicamente en los procedimientos de registro y verificación vigentes en ese momento. Tú manifiestas y garantizas que toda la información de registro que presentas es exacta y veraz. Foursquare utilizará la información de contacto u otra que tú proporciones para verificar tu identidad y tú por el presente aceptas que Foursquare te contacte directamente o a través de medios automatizados para hacerlo. Tú eres el único responsable de toda la actividad que se lleva a cabo en tu cuenta y serás responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de tu contraseña de la Plataforma. Nunca usarás la cuenta de otro usuario sin su expresa autorización. Notificarás inmediatamente a Foursquare por escrito de cualquier uso no autorizado de tu cuenta u otra violación de la cuenta relacionada con la seguridad de la que tengas conocimiento. Aceptas que Foursquare no puede ni será responsable por ninguna pérdida o daño que surja de tu incumplimiento a mantener tu contraseña segura.
Debes mantener la información de tu cuenta actualizada y precisa en todo momento, incluyendo una dirección de email y un número de teléfono válidos. No podrás transferir ni vender tu cuenta de Foursquare a otra persona.
Determinadas características de la Plataforma y/o determinados servicios y productos a tu disposición a través de la Plataforma podrán estar sujetos a pagos, ahora o en el futuro ("Servicios de pago"). Foursquare utiliza un procesador de pagos de terceros (el "Procesador de pagos") para facturar a través de una cuenta de pagos vinculada a tu cuenta de la Plataforma (tu "Cuenta de facturación") para el uso de los Servicios de pago. El procesamiento de los pagos estará sujeto a los términos, condiciones y políticas de privacidad del Procesador de pagos, además de este Acuerdo. No nos hacemos responsables por errores del Procesador de pagos. Al optar por utilizar los Servicios de pago, te comprometes a pagar a Foursquare, a través del Procesador de pagos, todos los cargos, a los precios vigentes al momento, por cualquier uso de dichos Servicios de pago de acuerdo con las condiciones de pago. Además, autorizas a Foursquare, a través del Procesador de pagos, a cobrar al proveedor de pago que hayas elegido (tu "Método de pago"). Aceptas realizar el pago utilizando dicho Método de pago seleccionado. Foursquare se reserva el derecho de corregir posibles errores u omisiones que haga, incluso si ya se ha solicitado o recibido el pago.
Tú reconoces y aceptas que la Plataforma y todo el contenido, información y otros materiales disponibles a través de la Plataforma están protegidos por los derechos de autor, marcas comerciales, marcas de servicio, patentes, secretos comerciales u otros derechos y por las leyes de propiedad o leyes de privacidad, y que Foursquare (y sus licenciantes) poseerá y conservará todos los derechos reales y personales, y de dominio (incluyendo todos los derechos de propiedad intelectual y derechos de propiedad) de los mismos. Excepto y únicamente en la medida en que Foursquare expresamente lo autorice, te comprometes a no vender, licenciar, alquilar, modificar, distribuir, copiar, reproducir, transmitir, mostrar públicamente, realizar públicamente, publicar, adaptar, editar ni crear trabajos derivados de la Plataforma o dicho contenido, información y otros materiales, ni a permitir que terceros lo hagan.
Para los efectos de las Condiciones de uso, el término "Contenido" incluye, entre otras cosas, comentarios por escrito, información, datos, texto, fotografías, software, scripts, gráficos y otro contenido.
Al subir, publicar, enviar o distribuir cualquier Contenido ("Publicación del usuario") a través de la Plataforma o que de otro modo proporciones a Foursquare, por la presente:
Foursquare tendrá derecho a utilizar, reproducir, transferir, sublicenciar o bien explotar en forma permanente cualquier sitio, lugar, latitud y longitud u otra información de ubicación que tú envíes, cargues, publiques, crees o agregues a la Plataforma (incluyendo, entre otros, en conexión con el Servicio).
Como condición de uso, te comprometes a no utilizar la Plataforma con ningún propósito que esté prohibido por estas Condiciones de uso. Eres responsable de la totalidad de tu actividad en relación con la Plataforma.
A modo de ejemplo, y no como una limitación, no podrás (y no permitirás que ningún tercero) (a) utilice o (b) cargue, descargue, publique, envíe o de alguna forma distribuya o facilite la distribución de Contenido de la Plataforma, o a través de esta, incluidas entre otras cosas, las Publicaciones del usuario, que:
Si la Publicación del usuario incluye una fotografía, se aplicarán las Directrices de fotos de Foursquare.
No deberás, (directa o indirectamente):
Foursquare no garantiza que todo el Contenido o las Publicaciones del usuario se pondrán a disposición a través de la Plataforma. Foursquare no tiene obligación de monitorear la Plataforma, el Contenido o las Publicaciones del usuario. Sin embargo, Foursquare se reserva el derecho de (a) eliminar, editar o modificar el Contenido a su entera discreción, incluyendo entre otras, las Publicaciones del usuario, de la Plataforma en cualquier momento, sin previo aviso y por cualquier motivo (incluyendo, entre otras cosas, si recibe reclamaciones o acusaciones de terceros o de las autoridades en relación con dicho Contenido o si a Foursquare le preocupa que tú puedas haber violado estas Condiciones de uso), o por ninguna razón en absoluto y (b) eliminar o bloquear cualquier Publicación del usuario de la Plataforma. Foursquare también se reserva el derecho de leer, preservar, revelar y acceder a cualquier información que Foursquare considere razonablemente necesaria para (i) cumplir con alguna ley, norma, proceso legal o solicitud gubernamental aplicable, (ii) hacer cumplir estas Condiciones de uso, incluyendo la investigación de potenciales infracciones a las mismas, (iii) detectar, prevenir o de otra forma gestionar problemas de fraude, de seguridad o técnicos (iv) responder a solicitudes de asistencia al usuario o (v) proteger los derechos, propiedad o seguridad de Foursquare, sus usuarios y el público.
Este Acuerdo incorpora la Política de privacidad de Foursquare, que cubre el tratamiento que Foursquare le da a la información de identificación personal y a otros datos que recoge cuando tú accedes a la Plataforma. Para mayor claridad, la información que tú envíes durante el proceso de verificación del reclamo será retenida y utilizada por Foursquare en relación con dicho proceso.
En relación con la Plataforma, podrás obtener información personal, incluyendo, entre otras cosas, el nombre de cuenta de twitter, nombre y apellido, ciudad y estado de la ubicación actual, el número de días fuera, check-ins y cosas hechas en Foursquare y el número de amigos en Foursquare (puedes visualizar diez) de los usuarios del servicio de Foursquare. De no contar con la autorización previa de Foursquare o del usuario correspondiente, solo podrás utilizar esta información personal para ver el uso de Foursquare en tu lugar y no podrás utilizar ni divulgar dicha información con ningún otro propósito. Foursquare no te ha concedido una licencia para utilizar la información para enviar mensajes comerciales no solicitados. Sin perjuicio de lo anterior, sin el consentimiento expreso del usuario, tú no tienes permiso para agregar a ningún usuario de Foursquare a tu lista de emails o correo físico. Te comprometes a tomar las medidas comercialmente razonables, en cumplimiento con las leyes, normas y reglamentos pertinentes, a fin de proteger todos los datos e información del usuario de Foursquare del uso, divulgación o acceso no autorizados por parte de terceros.
Foursquare puede dar por terminado el acceso de cualquier usuario a todo o parte de la Plataforma en cualquier momento, con o sin causa, con o sin previo aviso, con efecto inmediato. Si deseas cancelar tu registro y cuenta, puedes hacerlo en cualquier momento siguiendo las instrucciones de la Plataforma.
En caso de rescisión, todos los derechos y las obligaciones de las partes cesarán y de inmediato tú dejarás de utilizar la Plataforma, salvo que a) todas las obligaciones contraídas con anterioridad a la fecha efectiva de terminación (incluyendo, entre otras, todas las obligaciones de pago) y todos los recursos por incumplimiento del Acuerdo sigan vigentes y que b) las disposiciones de las Secciones 5, 7 y 9 - 14 inclusive sigan vigentes. Tras la terminación, Foursquare no tiene ninguna obligación de mantener el contenido en la cuenta del usuario ni de transmitir los mensajes no leídos o no enviados a ti o a otro usuario del servicio de "Foursquare" ni a ninguna otra persona.
LA Plataforma SE ENTREGA "TAL CUAL" Y "COMO ESTÁ DISPONIBLE". LA Plataforma SE ENTREGA SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO, EXPRESA O IMPLÍCITA, INCLUYENDO, ENTRE OTRAS COSAS, LAS GARANTÍAS IMPLÍCITAS DE TÍTULO, NO INFRACCIÓN, INTEGRACIÓN, COMERCIALIZACIÓN Y APTITUD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR, Y CUALQUIER GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA DE CURSOS DE OPERACIÓN O USO COMERCIAL, A TODO LO CUAL SE RENUNCIA EXPRESAMENTE. FOURSQUARE NO GARANTIZA QUE: A) LA INFORMACIÓN SERÁ OPORTUNA, PRECISA, FIABLE NI CORRECTA; B) LA Plataforma SERÁ SEGURA, NO TENDRÁ ERRORES NI INTERRUPCIONES O ESTARÁ DISPONIBLE EN CUALQUIER MOMENTO O LUGAR; C) LOS DEFECTOS O ERRORES SERÁN CORREGIDOS; D) LA Plataforma ESTARÁ LIBRE DE VIRUS U OTROS COMPONENTES DAÑINOS O QUE E) PUEDA OBTENERSE CUALQUIER RESULTADO. EL USO DE LA Plataforma ES BAJO TU PROPIO RIESGO.
Aceptas que Foursquare no será responsable por el acceso, modificación o uso no autorizado de tu cuenta, transmisiones o datos, ni de ningún otro material o datos enviados o recibidos o no enviados ni recibidos a través de la Plataforma. Aceptas que Foursquare no es responsable por el contenido intimidatorio, difamatorio, obsceno, ofensivo, ilegal u otro tipo de contenido o conducta de terceros ni de la violación de los derechos de otras personas, incluyendo los derechos de propiedad intelectual.
EN NINGÚN CASO FOURSQUARE (O SUS AFILIADAS, LICENCIANTES Y PROVEEDORES) SERÁ RESPONSABLE RESPECTO A CUALQUIER ASUNTO RELACIONADO CON LA Plataforma, INDEPENDIENTEMENTE DE LA FORMA DE CUALQUIER RECLAMO O DEMANDA (YA SEA EN VIRTUD DE UN CONTRATO, POR NEGLIGENCIA, RESPONSABILIDAD OBJETIVA U OTRA), POR CUALQUIER (A) ASUNTO QUE EXCEDA SU CONTROL RAZONABLE, (B) PÉRDIDA O INEXACTITUD DE DATOS, PÉRDIDA O INTERRUPCIÓN DEL USO O COSTO DE OBTENCIÓN DE TECNOLOGÍA, BIENES O SERVICIOS DE REEMPLAZO, (C) DAÑO INDIRECTO, PUNITIVO, INCIDENTAL, ESPECIAL, EJEMPLAR, EMERGENTE O POR ABUSO DE CONFIANZA, INCLUYENDO ENTRE OTROS, PÉRDIDA DE NEGOCIO, INGRESOS, UTILIDADES O BUENA VOLUNTAD O (D) DAÑO QUE EN TOTAL SUPERE US$50,00 O EL PAGO DE TU CUOTA PARA ACCEDER A LA Plataforma DURANTE LOS 12 MESES PREVIOS, LO QUE SEA MAYOR, INCLUSO SI FOURSQUARE HA SIDO INFORMADO DE LA POSIBILIDAD DE DICHO DAÑO. ESTAS LIMITACIONES SON INDEPENDIENTES DEL RESTO DE LAS DISPOSICIONES DE ESTE ACUERDO Y SE APLICARÁN A PESAR DE LA FALTA DE RECURSOS JURÍDICOS PROVISTOS EN EL PRESENTE.
ALGUNOS ESTADOS Y OTRAS JURISDICCIONES NO PERMITEN LA EXCLUSIÓN O LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD POR DAÑOS INCIDENTALES O EMERGENTES, POR LO QUE LAS LIMITACIONES Y EXCLUSIONES ANTERIORES PUEDEN NO SER APLICABLES EN TU CASO.
Te comprometes a (a) defender a Foursquare y sus empleados, contratistas, funcionarios, directores y representantes de cualquier acción o demanda que surja de tu uso o mal uso de la Plataforma, de transacciones u otras operaciones con otros usuarios o terceros en que estés involucrado o de tu incumplimiento de tus declaraciones, garantías o convenios en virtud del presente Acuerdo y (b) indemnizar a Foursquare por montos de liquidación o daños y perjuicios, responsabilidades, costos y gastos (incluyendo honorarios razonables de abogados) adjudicados y surgidos en virtud de dicha demanda. Foursquare se reserva el derecho de asumir la defensa y control exclusivos de cualquier asunto sujeto a indemnización por parte tuya, en cuyo caso deberás ayudar y cooperar con Foursquare para hacer valer cualquier defensa disponible.
En procedimientos judiciales o administrativos basados en el Acuerdo o relacionados con este, será admisible una versión impresa del Acuerdo y de cualquier notificación dada en forma electrónica, en la misma medida y mismas condiciones que otros documentos y registros comerciales originalmente generados y conservados en forma impresa.
El Acuerdo se regirá e interpretará de acuerdo con las leyes del Estado de Nueva York (con exclusión de sus conflictos de leyes) y de los Estados Unidos de América. En caso de existir conflictos entre las leyes, normas y reglamentos de EE.UU. y los de otros países, regirán las leyes, normas y reglamentos de los EE.UU. La Convención de las Naciones Unidas sobre los Contratos de Compraventa Internacional de Mercaderías, no será aplicable al Acuerdo. Tú aceptas expresamente que la jurisdicción exclusiva para entablar cualquier reclamación o demanda que surja del Acuerdo o se relacione con este o con el uso de la Plataforma, se establecerá únicamente en los tribunales estatales o federales con sede en Nueva York, Nueva York, EE.UU., y además aceptas y te sometes al ejercicio de la jurisdicción personal de dichos tribunales con el propósito de litigar dicha reclamación o demanda. El uso de la Plataforma no está autorizado en ninguna jurisdicción que no haga efectivas todas las disposiciones del Acuerdo, incluyendo, entre otros, esta sección.
Este acuerdo, además de cualquier otro acuerdo por escrito que pudieras haber celebrado con Foursquare en relación con servicios específicos, constituye el acuerdo total entre tú y Foursquare con respecto a la Plataforma, y ​​sustituye toda comunicación o propuesta previa o actual (ya sea oral, escrita o electrónica) entre tú y Foursquare con respecto a la Plataforma. En caso de que alguna de las disposiciones del Acuerdo sea inejecutable o inválida, dicha disposición será limitada o eliminada en la medida mínima necesaria para que el Acuerdo permanezca en pleno vigor y efecto y de obligado cumplimiento.
Tus derechos y obligaciones en virtud del Acuerdo son personales, y no los puedes ceder, transferir ni sublicenciar excepto con el consentimiento previo por escrito de Foursquare. Foursquare podrá ceder, transferir o delegar cualquiera de sus derechos y obligaciones en virtud de estas Condiciones sin tu consentimiento. Toda renuncia, consentimiento o modificación debe hacerse por escrito y debe estar firmada por ambas partes, a menos que aquí se disponga de otra manera. No se crea ningún tipo de representación, asociación, empresa conjunta o relación de empleo como consecuencia de la Plataforma o del Acuerdo, y ninguna de las partes tiene ningún tipo de autoridad para obligar a la otra en ningún aspecto. Todas las notificaciones en virtud del presente Acuerdo serán por escrito (incluso por vía electrónica) y se considerarán debidamente entregadas cuando se reciban: si se entregaron personalmente o se enviaron por correo certificado o registrado, con acuse de recibo; cuando la recepción se confirma por vía electrónica, en caso de transmisión por fax, email o a través del servicio; o el día posterior al envío, si se envía para entrega al día siguiente por reconocido servicio de entrega de la noche a la mañana.
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!


--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Letzte Aktualisierung: 24. April 2012
BITTE LIES DIESE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN („BEDINGUNGEN" ODER „NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN“) AUFMERKSAM DURCH, BEVOR DU DIE DIENSTLEISTUNGEN VON FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. („FOURSQUARE“) IN ANSPRUCH NIMMST. DIESE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN STELLEN DIE RECHTSKRÄFTIGEN ALLGEMEINEN GESCHÄFTSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR DEINE NUTZUNG DER FOURSQUARE PLATTFORM FÜR ANERKANNTE VENUES UND EVENTS (DIE „PLATTFORM“) DAR. DURCH DEINE REGISTRIERUNG FÜR UND/ODER JEGLICHE NUTZUNG DER PLATTFORM WILLIGST DU IN DIESE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN EIN. DIESE BEDINGUNGEN GELTEN FÜR ALLE NUTZER DER PLATTFORM. ALLE IN DIESEN NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN FESTGELEGTEN REGELUNGEN GELTEN AUSSCHLIESSLICH FÜR DIESE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN.
Die Plattform ermöglicht es Eigentümern, Organisatoren, Veranstaltungsplanern und anderen befugten Leitern („Manager“) von (a) Restaurants, Hotels, Bars, Geschäften, Theatern, Stadien und anderen Orten, an denen Waren oder Leistungen angeboten werden („Venues“), und/oder von (b) Konzerten, Filmvorführungen, Sportveranstaltungen, Partys, gesellschaftlichen Ereignissen und anderen Veranstaltungen („Events“), ihre Venue- und/oder Event-Angaben in der Foursquare-Datenbank zu bearbeiten und zu berichtigen, Nutzungsanalysen für ihren Venue und/oder ihren Event auf Foursquares Dienst ‚Foursquare’ (der „Service“) einzusehen und Kunden mit besonderen Angeboten („Specials“) zu belohnen, wenn sie bei dem von ihnen verwalteten Venue oder Event auf Foursquare einchecken. Mit anderen Worten: Der Manager eines Venues kann ein Special für sein Venue anbieten, darf aber nur dann ein Special für einen Event an seinem Venue anbieten, wenn er auch der Manager des Events ist. Ebenso kann der Manager eines Events ein Special für seinen Event anbieten, darf aber kein Special für das Venue anbieten, an dem der Event stattfindet – es sei denn, er ist auch der Manager des Venues.
Bedingung für die Bereitstellung dieser Plattform ist die Zustimmung zu allen in vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen enthaltenen Regelungen in unveränderter Form. Bestandteil vorliegender Nutzungsbedingungen sind zudem alle weiteren Nutzungsbedingungen und Verfahrensregeln, Richtlinien und Verfahren, die zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt auf der Plattform oder der Foursquare-Website (gegenwärtig zugänglich unter www.foursquare.com, die „Website") veröffentlicht werden und die durch diesen Verweis in vorliegende Nutzungsbedingungen einbezogen sind.
Foursquare behält sich das Recht vor, die Plattform jederzeit aus beliebigem Grund ohne Vorankündigung zu verändern oder ihren Betrieb einzustellen. Foursquare behält sich das Recht vor, diese Nutzungsbedingungen oder andere für die Plattform geltende Richtlinien jederzeit zu verändern. Über wesentliche Veränderungen werden Sie in diesem Fall durch eine Bekanntmachung auf der Plattform informiert. Was als „wesentliche Änderung“ zu gelten hat, legt Foursquare in gutem Glauben gemäß gesundem Menschenverstand und vernünftigem Urteilsvermögen nach eigenem Ermessen fest.
Um ein Venue oder einen Event zu beanspruchen, muss ein Manager zuerst von Foursquare eingeladen und/oder anerkannt werden und das betreffende Prüfverfahren für das Venue oder den Event erfolgreich abschließen. Erst dann wird der Status „Anerkanntes Venue“ oder „Anerkannter Event“ sowie der notwendige Zugriff auf die Plattform erteilt. Wenn Sie sich als Unternehmen bei Foursquare registrieren, gewährleisten und versichern Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, dieses Unternehmen auf die hier festgelegten Nutzungsbedingungen zu verpflichten. Foursquare behält sich das Recht vor, jeglichen Personen oder Körperschaften jederzeit den Zugriff auf die Plattform zu verweigern und die Bedingungen für die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Plattform jederzeit zu ändern. Unter Gerichtsbarkeiten, in denen die hier festgelegten Nutzungsbedingungen rechtlich ungültig sind, wird der Zugriff auf die Plattform automatisch widerrufen.
Jeder Manager muss den Registrierungsprozess abschließen und Foursquare die zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt für Registrierung und Verifizierung verlangten Angaben vollständig, korrekt und auf dem neuesten Stand zur Verfügung stellen. Sie erklären und gewährleisten, dass alle von Ihnen übermittelten Angaben zur Registrierung zutreffend und wahrheitsgemäß sind. Foursquare wird Ihre Kontaktangaben und sonstigen Informationen dazu verwenden, Ihre Identität zu prüfen, und Sie erklären sich hiermit einverstanden, dass Foursquare Sie dazu direkt oder über automatische Wege kontaktiert. Sie allein sind für sämtliche Aktivitäten auf Ihrem Konto sowie für die Geheimhaltung Ihres Plattform-Passwortes verantwortlich. Sie dürfen niemals ohne dessen ausdrückliche vorherige Zustimmung auf das Konto eines anderen Nutzers zugreifen. Sollte unbefugt auf Ihr Konto zugegriffen werden oder sollten Sie andere Sicherheitsverstöße feststellen, müssen Sie Foursquare unverzüglich davon in Kenntnis setzen. Sie stimmen zu, dass Foursquare nicht für Schäden oder Verluste haftbar ist, die deshalb entstehen, weil Sie Ihr Passwort nicht sicher aufbewahren.
Ihre Kontoangaben müssen stets aktuell und korrekt sein, einschließlich einer gültigen E-Mail-Adresse und Telefonnummer. Sie dürfen Ihr Foursquare-Konto nicht einer anderen Person oder Körperschaft übertragen oder es diesen verkaufen.
Bestimmte Funktionen der Plattform und/oder bestimmte Services und Produkte, die über die Plattform für Sie bereitgestellt werden, können jetzt oder in Zukunft gebührenpflichtig sein („gebührenpflichtige Services“). Für die Inanspruchnahme solcher gebührenpflichtiger Services verwendet Foursquare einen externen Zahlungsdienstleister („Zahlungsabwickler“), um Ihre Gebühren von einem Bankkonto abzubuchen, das mit Ihrem Konto auf der Plattform (Ihrem „Rechnungskonto“) verknüpft ist. Dabei unterliegt die Zahlungsabwicklung sowohl diesen Nutzungsbedingungen als auch den Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien des Zahlungsabwicklers. Wir sind für keinerlei Fehler seitens des Zahlungsabwicklers verantwortlich. Mit der Nutzung unserer gebührenpflichtigen Services willigen Sie ein, alle anfallenden Gebühren an Foursquare über den Zahlungsabwickler und gemäß den geltenden Nutzungsbedingungen (zu den zu dem Zeitpunkt der Nutzung gültigen Preisen) zu zahlen, und Sie erteilen Foursquare die Genehmigung, die fällige Summe von Ihrem Zahlungsanbieter über den Zahlungsabwickler abzubuchen (Ihre „Zahlungsmethode“). Sie willigen ein, die Zahlung gemäß dieser Zahlungsmethode vorzunehmen. Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, Fehler oder Irrtümer zu berichtigen, selbst dann, wenn wir bereits die Zahlung angefordert oder erhalten haben.
Sie akzeptieren und erkennen an, dass die Plattform und alle Inhalte, Informationen und Materialien, die durch die Plattform bereitgestellt werden, durch Urheberrechte, Markenzeichen, Dienstleistungsmarken, Patente, Firmengeheimnisse oder andere Eigentumsrechte und Gesetze oder Persönlichkeitsrechte geschützt sind und dass Foursquare (und seine Lizenzgeber) alle Rechte, Titel und Interessen (einschließlich aller Immaterialgüterrechte und Eigentumsrechte) besitzen und beibehalten. Sie bestätigen, dass Sie die Plattform (und zugehörige Informationen, Inhalte und andere Materialien) nicht verkaufen, lizenzieren, vermieten, verändern, verbreiten, kopieren, vervielfältigen, übertragen, öffentlich darstellen, veröffentlichen, adaptieren, bearbeiten oder abgeleitete Werke davon erstellen, und es auch Dritten nicht erlauben, dies zu tun, es sei denn Foursquare hat dies ausdrücklich genehmigt; in diesem Fall dürfen Sie es nur zu dem von Foursquare vorgeschriebenen Ausmaß.
Zum Zweck der Nutzungsbedingungen bezieht sich der Begriff „Inhalt“ unter anderem und ohne Einschränkung auf schriftliche Kommentare, Informationen, Daten, Texte, Fotos, Software, Skripte, Grafiken und andere Inhalte.
Durch das Hochladen, Posten, Eingeben oder anderweitige Verbreiten von Inhalten („Nutzereingaben“) über die Plattform oder eine andere Form der Bereitstellung von Informationen an Foursquare bestätigen Sie, dass Sie
Foursquare behält sich das Recht vor, jegliche Orte, Venues, Längen- und Breitengrade und sonstige Ortsinformationen, die Sie an die Plattform oder auf dieser senden, hochladen, posten, erstellen oder hinzufügen (unter anderem im Zusammenhang mit dem Service), zu nutzen, zu vervielfältigen, zu übertragen, Unterlizenzen zu erstellen und anderweitig fortwährend auszuschöpfen.
Als Voraussetzung zur Nutzung der Plattform versprechen Sie, den Service nicht für Zwecke zu nutzen, die im Rahmen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen untersagt sind. Sie sind für alle Ihre Aktivitäten in Verbindung mit der Plattform verantwortlich.
Zum Beispiel (und nicht als Beschränkung) dürfen Sie nicht (und dürfen Sie auch nicht Dritten erlauben) (a) Handlungen vornehmen oder (b) Inhalte (einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Nutzereingaben) auf oder über die Plattform hochladen, herunterladen, posten, übermitteln oder anderweitig verbreiten oder deren Verbreitung zulassen, wenn diese Inhalte:
Sollte die Eingabe eines Benutzers ein Foto enthalten, gelten entsprechend die Fotorichtlinien.
Ihnen ist es ebenfalls untersagt (direkt oder indirekt):
Foursquare garantiert nicht, dass Inhalte oder Nutzereingaben über die Plattform verfügbar gemacht werden. Foursquare hat keinerlei Verpflichtung, die Plattform, Inhalte oder Nutzereingaben zu überwachen. Dennoch behält sich Foursquare das Recht vor, (a) Inhalte nach eigenem Ermessen jederzeit, ohne Vorwarnung, mit oder ohne Begründung von oder auf der Plattform zu entfernen, bearbeiten oder modifizieren, einschließlich aber nicht beschränkt auf Nutzereingaben (dies trifft unter anderem zu, wenn Foursquare Ansprüche oder Klagen von Dritten im Zusammenhang mit solchen Inhalten erhält, oder wenn Foursquare vermutet, dass Sie die Nutzungsbedingungen verletzt haben); und (b) Nutzereingaben von oder auf der Plattform zu entfernen oder zu blockieren. Foursquare behält sich außerdem das Recht vor, auf Informationen zugreifen, sie zu lesen, sie aufzubewahren und sie weiterzuleiten, insofern Foursquare dies für notwendig hält, um (i) alle geltenden Gesetze, gesetzlichen Vorschriften und Regierungsanfragen einzuhalten, (ii) um diese Nutzungsbedingungen in Kraft zu setzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung von möglichen Verletzungen dieser Bedingungen, (iii) um Adressbetrug, Sicherheitsprobleme und technische Probleme zu entdecken, zu vermeiden und anderweitig zu bekämpfen, (iv) um auf Nutzeranfragen zu reagieren, und (v) um die Rechte, das Eigentum und die Sicherheit von Foursquare, seinen Nutzern und der Öffentlichkeit zu schützen.
Diese Vereinbarung umfasst Foursquares Datenschutzrichtlinie, die Foursquares Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten und anderen Daten, die Foursquare sammelt, während Sie die Plattform nutzen, abdecken. Zur Erläuterung: Informationen, die Sie während der Bestätigung der Inbesitznahme übermitteln, werden von Foursquare gespeichert und in Verbindung mit der Bestätigung verwendet.
In Verbindung mit der Nutzung der Plattform erhalten Sie Zugriff auf persönliche Daten von Nutzern des Foursquare-Services, darunter u.a. auch der Twitter-Benutzername, der Vor- und Nachname, der Ort und die Region des aktuellen Standorts, die Anzahl der Tage unterwegs, die Check-ins, die Aktivitäten auf Foursquare und die Anzahl von Foursquare-Freunden (10 werden angezeigt). Diese personenbezogenen Daten stehen lediglich zur Ansicht der Nutzerstatistiken Ihres Eintrags zur Verfügung und ohne vorherige ausdrückliche Genehmigung durch Foursquare oder den jeweiligen Nutzer dürfen diese Daten nicht verwendet oder weitergegeben werden. Foursquare erteilt Ihnen keine Lizenz, diese Daten für unaufgeforderte Werbenachrichten zu nutzen. Ohne Einschränkung der oben genannten Bedingungen sind Sie außerdem nicht dazu berechtigt, einen Foursquare-Benutzer ohne dessen vorherige ausdrückliche Genehmigung zu einer E-Mail-Verteilerliste oder einer Adressliste hinzuzufügen. Sie bestätigen, dass Sie geltenden Gesetzen entsprechende, handelsüblich angemessene Anstrengungen unternehmen werden, die Nutzerdaten und Informationen aller Foursquare-Nutzer vor unerlaubter Verwendung, Veröffentlichung oder unerlaubtem Zugriff durch Dritte zu schützen.
Foursquare kann den Zugriff eines jeden Nutzers auf die Plattform oder auf Teile der Plattform jederzeit mit oder ohne Angabe von Gründen sowie mit oder ohne Vorankündigung mit sofortiger Wirkung beenden. Wenn Sie Ihre Registrierung löschen und Ihr Konto schließen möchten, können Sie dies jederzeit tun. Folgen Sie dazu den Anweisungen auf der Plattform.
Mit jeglicher Kündigung enden die Rechte und Pflichten der Parteien und Sie stellen die Nutzung der Plattform mit sofortiger Wirkung ein. Davon ausgenommen sind (a) alle Verpflichtungen, die vor dem Kündigungsdatum eingegangen wurden (einschließlich aller Zahlungsverpflichtungen) sowie alle Rechtsmittel im Falle eines Verstoßes gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen und (b) die Regelungen der Abschnitte 5, 7 und 9 bis einschließlich 14, die über eine Kündigung hinaus Bestand haben. Nach der Kündigung ist Foursquare nicht verpflichtet, Inhalte in Nutzerkonten aufrecht zu erhalten und ungelesene oder nicht gesendete E-Mails an Sie, andere Nutzer des Foursquare-Services oder an sonstige Parteien weiterzuleiten.
DIE PLATTFORM WIRD IN DER VORLIEGENDEN FORM (WIE DARGESTELLT UND WIE VERFÜGBAR) OHNE JEGLICHE ZUSICHERUNG ODER GEWÄHRLEISTUNG - WEDER AUSDRÜCKLICH NOCH STILLSCHWEIGEND - ZUR VERFÜGUNG GESTELLT, EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF STILLSCHWEIGENDE RECHTSMÄNGELHAFTUNG, GEWÄHRLEISTUNG BEZÜGLICH NICHTVERSTOSS GEGEN GESETZE, EINGLIEDERUNG, HANDELSFÄHIGKEIT UND EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK SOWIE ALLER AUS VERTRAGSAUSÜBUNG ODER HANDELSBRÄUCHEN ABGELEITETEN GARANTIEN, DIE ALLE - SOWEIT GESETZLICH ZULÄSSIG - AUSDRÜCKLICH AUSGESCHLOSSEN SIND. FOURSQUARE ÜBERNIMMT KEINE GEWÄHR DAFÜR, DASS: (A) INFORMATIONEN AKTUELL, RICHTIG, VERLÄSSLICH ODER KORREKT SIND; (B) DER SERVICE SICHER ODER FEHLERFREI IST UND DASS ER UNUNTERBROCHEN ODER ZU EINEM BESTIMMTEN ZEITPUNKT ODER AN EINEM BESTIMMTEN ORT ZUR VERFÜGUNG STEHT; (C) AUFTRETENDE FEHLER ODER DEFEKTE BEHOBEN WERDEN; (D) DER SERVICE FREI VON VIREN ODER ANDEREN SCHÄDLICHEN KOMPONENTEN IST; ODER (E) DASS BESTIMMTE ERGEBNISSE ODER RESULTATE ERZIELT WERDEN KÖNNEN. DIE NUTZUNG DER PLATTFORM LIEGT ALLEIN IN IHRER VERANTWORTUNG UND GESCHIEHT AUF EIGENE GEFAHR.
Sie willigen ein, dass Foursquare weder verantwortlich noch haftbar ist für unbefugte Zugriffe auf Ihr Konto, Änderungen an Ihrem Konto oder Benutzungen Ihres Kontos, noch für unbefugtes Übertragen von Daten. Auch ist Foursquare weder verantwortlich noch haftbar für Material oder Daten, die über die Plattform gesendet oder empfangen werden – oder nicht über die Plattform gesendet oder empfangen werden. Sie stimmen weiterhin zu, dass Foursquare weder für bedrohliche, verleumderische, obszöne, beleidigende, illegale oder sonstige Inhalte oder Verhaltensweisen Dritter verantwortlich oder haftbar ist, noch für Verletzungen der Rechte Dritter, darunter etwa die Rechte am geistigen Eigentum.
UNTER KEINEN UMSTÄNDEN IST FOURSQUARE (ODER SEINE GESCHÄFTSPARTNER, LIZENZNEHMER UND ANBIETER) IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DER PLATTFORM UND UNABHÄNGIG VON DER FORM DER EINGESETZTEN RECHTSMITTEL (OB VERTRAGLICH BEGRÜNDET, WEGEN FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT, GEFÄHRDUNGSHAFTUNG ODER AUS ANDEREN GRÜNDEN) HAFTBAR (A) FÜR ANGELEGENHEITEN, DIE SICH SEINER ZUMUTBAREN KONTROLLE ENTZIEHEN, (B) BEI DATENVERLUST ODER UNRICHTIGEN DATEN, BETRIEBSAUSFÄLLEN ODER -UNTERBRECHUNG SOWIE FÜR DAMIT VERBUNDENE KOSTEN ZUR BESCHAFFUNG VON ERSATZTECHNOLOGIE, GÜTERN ODER LEISTUNGEN, (C) FÜR INDIREKTE SCHÄDEN, STRAFSCHADENSERSATZ, NEBENSCHÄDEN, DURCH DAS VERLASSEN AUF DIE PLATTFORM ENTSTANDENE SCHÄDEN, SPEZIELLE SCHÄDEN, SCHADENSERSATZVERPFLICHTUNGEN ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN WIE ZUM BEISPIEL BEI ANSPRÜCHEN AUF GESCHÄFTSEINBUSSEN, ENTGANGENE EINNAHMEN ODER UMSÄTZE SOWIE WERTMINDERUNG, ODER (D) FÜR SCHÄDEN, DIE ZUSAMMENGENOMMEN 50,- US-DOLLAR ODER DIE GEBÜHR ÜBERSTEIGEN, DIE SIE FÜR IHREN ZUGRIFF AUF DIE PLATTFORM IN DEN ZURÜCKLIEGENDEN 12 MONATE ENTRICHTET HABEN; ZUR ANWENDUNG KOMMT DER HÖHERE BETRAG. DIESE REGELUNG GILT AUCH DANN, WENN FOURSQUARE VORAB ÜBER DIE MÖGLICHKEIT SOLCHER SCHÄDEN IN KENNTNIS GESETZT WURDE. DIESE EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN BESTEHEN UNABHÄNGIG VON ALLEN SONSTIGEN FESTLEGUNGEN IN DIESER VEREINBARUNG UND SIE BLEIBEN AUCH DANN GÜLTIG, WENN EIN TEIL DER HIER ENTHALTENEN REGELUNGEN FÜR UNGÜLTIG BEFUNDEN WERDEN SOLLTE.
IN MANCHEN LÄNDERN UND UNTER MANCHEN GERICHTSBARKEITEN IST DER AUSSCHLUSS ODER DIE EINSCHRÄNKUNG DER HAFTUNG FÜR NEBEN- ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN NICHT ZULÄSSIG, DAHER TREFFEN OBIGE EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN UNTER UMSTÄNDEN NICHT AUF SIE ZU.
Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, (a) Foursquare und seine Angestellten, Vertragsnehmer, Direktoren und Repräsentanten gegen jegliche Klagen und Ansprüche zu verteidigen, die sich aus Ihrer Nutzung oder Ihrem Missbrauch der Plattform, aus jeglichen Geschäftsvorgängen oder Handlungen mit anderen Nutzern oder Dritten, mit denen Sie zu tun haben, oder aus Verletzungen Ihrer in diesen Bedingungen festgelegten Pflichten, Garantien oder Zusicherungen ergeben; und (b) Foursquare von allen Verlusten, Handlungen, Ansprüchen, Schäden, Kosten (einschließlich angemessener Rechtskosten) und Haftung freizusprechen, die sich aus solchen Ansprüchen ergeben. Foursquare behält sich das Recht vor, die exklusive Verteidigung und Kontrolle jedes Anliegens zu übernehmen, die ansonsten Ihrer Entschädigung unterliegen. In dem Fall werden Sie mit Foursquare zusammenarbeiten und dabei helfen, jedmögliche Verteidigung gegen derartige Ansprüche vorzubringen.
Ausdrucke dieser Vereinbarung sowie aller in elektronischer Form übermittelten Benachrichtigungen sind in mit vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen in Zusammenhang stehenden Rechts- oder Amtsverfahren im gleichen Maße und zu denselben Bedingungen zulässig und rechtsgültig, wie dies bei anderen geschäftlichen Dokumenten und Aufzeichnungen der Fall ist, die ursprünglich in gedruckter Form angefertigt wurden.
Diese Vereinbarung unterliegt unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze des Kollisionsrechts den Gesetzen des Bundesstaates New York und denjenigen der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika. Im Falle eines Konflikts zwischen den Gesetzen, Regeln und Richtlinien der USA und anderer Länder gelten die Gesetze, Regeln und Richtlinien der USA. Das Übereinkommen der Vereinten Nationen über Verträge über den internationalen Warenkauf gilt nicht für diese Vereinbarung. Sie stimmen ausdrücklich zu, dass die ausschließliche Rechtsprechung für jede Forderung oder Klage in Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung oder der Nutzung der Plattform von den staatlichen oder Bundesgerichten in New York (New York) USA entschieden wird und Sie stimmen weiterhin zu, dass Sie sich der Gerichtshoheit dieser Gerichte zum Zweck der Verhandlung solcher Forderungen oder Klagen unterwerfen. In Rechtssystemen, in denen nicht alle Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung (einschließlich vorliegenden Abschnitts) rechtsgültig sind, ist die Nutzung der Plattform untersagt.
Diese Nutzungsbedingungen stellen, zusätzlich zu allen anderen Vereinbarungen, die Sie mit Foursquare für bestimmte Services getroffen haben, die vollständige Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen und Foursquare in Bezug auf die Plattform dar, womit vorherige oder zeitgleiche Mitteilungen und Angebote (unabhängig davon, ob diese mündlich, schriftlich oder elektronisch erfolgt sind) zwischen Ihnen und Foursquare ersetzt werden. Falls einzelne Bestimmungen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen für unwirksam oder undurchsetzbar befunden werden, werden solche Bestimmungen lediglich im unbedingt nötigen Umfang beschränkt oder gestrichen, so dass die übrigen Nutzungsbedingungen davon unberührt und voll wirksam bleiben.
Ihre in diesen Nutzungsbedingungen festgelegten Rechte und Pflichten sind an eine Person gebunden und können von Ihnen nicht ohne vorherige schriftliche Erlaubnis seitens Foursquare an Dritte zugewiesen, übertragen oder unterlizenziert werden. Foursquare kann ohne Zustimmung anderer jegliche seiner hier festgelegten Rechte und Verpflichtungen an Dritte zuweisen, übertragen oder delegieren. Alle Forderungsverzichte, Einwilligungen und Änderungen müssen in einem von beiden Vertragsparteien unterschriebenen Schreiben bestätigt werden, es sei denn es wird in diesen Nutzungsbedingungen anderweitig festgelegt. Durch diese Nutzungsbedingungen wird keinerlei Agenturverhältnis, Partnerschaft, Joint-Venture oder Beschäftigungsverhältnis zwischen den Vertragspartnern begründet und keine der Vertragsparteien hat die Befugnis, die andere Vertragspartei vertraglich zu binden. Falls es in diesen Nutzungsbedingungen nicht anders angegeben ist, erfolgen alle Änderungen über die Nutzungsbedingungen in schriftlicher Form (einschließlich elektronisch) und gelten als zugestellt wenn bei Sendung per Fax, E-Mail oder über die Plattform eine elektronische Bestätigung des Eingangs erfolgt; oder am nächsten Tag bei Sendung per Express-Kurier über Nacht.
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!


--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/legal/venueterms
Ultimo aggiornamento: 24 aprile 2012
TI INVITIAMO A LEGGERE LE PRESENTI CONDIZIONI DI UTILIZZO ("ACCORDO" O "CONDIZIONI DI UTILIZZO") PRIMA DI UTILIZZARE I SERVIZI OFFERTI DA FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"). IL PRESENTE ACCORDO STABILISCE LE CONDIZIONI LEGALMENTE VINCOLANTI PER L’UTILIZZO DELLA PIATTAFORMA LOCALI ED EVENTI AUTORIZZATI FOURSQUARE (LA "PIATTAFORMA"). CON LA REGISTRAZIONE E/O L’UTILIZZO DELLA PIATTAFORMA IN QUALSIASI MODO, SI ACCETTANO I VINCOLI E LE CONDIZIONI DEL PRESENTE ACCORDO. IL PRESENTE ACCORDO SI APPLICA A TUTTI GLI UTENTI DELLA PIATTAFORMA. TUTTI I TERMINI DEFINITI E UTILIZZATI NEL DOCUMENTO DEVONO ESSERE APPLICABILI UNICAMENTE AL PRESENTE ACCORDO.
La Piattaforma consente a proprietari, organizzatori, pianificatori di eventi e altri manager autorizzati ("Manager") di (a) ristoranti, alberghi, bar, negozi, teatri, stadi e altri locali per la fornitura di beni e servizi ("Locali") e/o (b) concerti, film, eventi sportivi, feste, eventi sociali e altri eventi ("Eventi") di modificare e correggere le informazioni relative al proprio Locale e/o Evento nel database Foursquare, di visualizzare le statistiche di utilizzo del servizio foursquare di Foursquare (il "Servizio") nel proprio Locale e/o Evento e premiare i clienti con offerte speciali ("Promozioni") per chi sceglie di effettuare il check-in su foursquare nel Locale e/o Evento gestito su foursquare. Per chiarezza, un Manager di un Locale può offrire Promozioni nel proprio Locale, ma non può offrire Promozioni per un Evento che si terrà presso il suddetto Locale, a meno che il Manager non sia anche Manager dell’Evento. Allo stesso modo, un Manager di un Evento può offrire Promozioni per l’Evento in questione, ma non può offrire Promozioni per il Locale presso il quale si terrà l’Evento, a meno che il Manager non sia anche Manager del Locale.
La Piattaforma è offerta soggetta all'accettazione senza modifiche di tutte le condizioni di utilizzo contenute nel presente accordo, le cui condizioni comprendono tutte le condizioni di utilizzo e altre norme, politiche e procedure operative che possono essere di volta in volta pubblicate sulla Piattaforma o sul sito web Foursquare (attualmente all’indirizzo www.foursquare.com, il "Sito"), ciascuna delle quali è inclusa per riferimento.
Foursquare si riserva il diritto di modificare o interrompere la Piattaforma per qualsiasi motivo, senza preavviso, in qualsiasi momento. Foursquare si riserva il diritto di modificare le presenti Condizioni di utilizzo o di altre politiche sulla Piattaforma in qualsiasi momento e potrà comunicare all'utente i cambiamenti materiali pubblicando l'avviso attraverso la Piattaforma. Ciò che costituisce una "modifica sostanziale" sarà determinato a discrezione unica di Foursquare, in buona fede, e usando il buon senso e un giudizio ragionevole.
Per poter rivendicare un Luogo o un Evento, un Manager deve essere invitato e/o approvato da Foursquare e completare il processo di verifica applicabile per tale Luogo o Evento affinché diventi un "Luogo autorizzato" o un "Evento autorizzato", a seconda dei casi, e accedere alla Piattaforma dei Servizi. Se si sta effettuando la registrazione come società, si dichiara e garantisce di avere l’autorità di vincolare al presente Accordo la società rappresentata. Foursquare può, a sua esclusiva discrezione, rifiutare di offrire la Piattaforma Servizi a qualsiasi persona o società e modificare i suoi criteri di ammissibilità in qualsiasi momento. Le presenti Condizioni di utilizzo sono da considerarsi nulle nella misura in cui siano proibite dalla legge in vigore e il diritto di accesso alla Piattaforma Servizi sia revocato in tali giurisdizioni.
Ciascun Manager deve completare la procedura di registrazione fornendo a Foursquare informazioni aggiornate, complete e precise, come specificamente richiesto dalle procedure di registrazione e verifica al momento vigenti. L'utente dichiara e garantisce che tutte le informazioni di registrazione inviate sono accurate e veritiere. Foursquare userà il contatto e le altre informazioni fornite per verificare l'identità e si autorizza Foursquare al contatto diretto o attraverso strumenti automatizzati. L'Utente è il solo responsabile delle attività che si verificano sul suo account e sarà responsabile di mantenere la riservatezza della propria password per la Piattaforma. Non si deve mai utilizzare l'account di un altro utente senza la previa autorizzazione espressa di questo altro utente. Bisognerà immediatamente informare Foursquare per iscritto di qualsiasi uso non autorizzato del proprio account o violazione della sicurezza di altri account di cui si è a conoscenza. L'utente accetta che Foursquare non può e non sarà responsabile per qualsiasi perdita o danno derivante dal non aver tenuto la password in sicurezza.
Si devono mantenere le informazioni del proprio account sempre aggiornate ed esatte, incluso un indirizzo e-mail e un numero di telefono validi. Non sarà possible trasferire o vendere il proprio account Foursquare a terzi.
Alcune caratteristiche della Piattaforma e/o alcuni servizi e prodotti messi a disposizione attraverso la Piattaforma possono essere soggetti a pagamenti nell'immediato o in futuro ("Servizi a pagamento"). Foursquare utilizza un gestore del pagamento terzo (il "Gestore del pagamento") per emettere la fattura attraverso un conto di pagamento collegato al tuo account sulla Piattaforma (il tuo "Account di Fatturazione") per l'utilizzo dei Servizi a pagamento. L'elaborazione dei pagamenti sarà soggetta ai termini, condizioni e politiche sulla privacy del Gestore del pagamento in aggiunta al presente Accordo. Non possiamo essere ritenuti responsabili per eventuali errori da parte del Gestore del pagamento. Scegliendo di utilizzare i Servizi a pagamento, l'utente accetta di pagare a Foursquare, attraverso il Gestore del pagamento, tutte le spese alle tariffe in vigore per qualsiasi uso di tali Servizi a pagamento in conformità con i termini di pagamento applicabili e si autorizza Foursquare, attraverso il Processore di pagamento, a caricare il fornitore di pagamento prescelto (il "Metodo di Pagamento"). L'utente accetta di effettuare il pagamento utilizzando tale Metodo di pagamento selezionato. Foursquare si riserva il diritto di correggere eventuali errori o inesattezze in esso contenute, anche se ha già richiesto o ricevuto il pagamento.
Si riconosce e accetta che la Piattaforma e tutti i contenuti, informazioni e altri materiali resi disponibili attraverso la Piattaforma sono protetti da diritti d'autore, marchi, marchi di servizi, brevetti, segreti commerciali o altri diritti proprietari e norme o leggi sulla privacy, e Foursquare (e i suoi licenziatari) devono possedere e mantenere tutti i diritti, titoli e interessi (compresi tutti i diritti di proprietà intellettuale e patrimoniale) pertinenti. Ad eccezione e solo nella misura espressamente autorizzata da Foursquare, si accetta di non vendere, concedere in licenza o in affitto, modificare, distribuire, copiare, riprodurre, divulgare o eseguire in pubblico, pubblicare, adattare, modificare o creare opere derivate della Piattaforma o dei relativi contenuti, informazioni e altri materiali.
Ai fini delle presenti Condizioni di utilizzo, il termine "Contenuti" comprende, senza limitazioni, commenti scritti, informazioni, dati, testi, fotografie, software, script, grafica e altri contenuti.
Con il caricamento, la pubblicazione, la presentazione o altrimenti la distribuzione di qualsiasi Contenuto ("Contributo Utente") attraverso la Piattaforma o che vengono altrimenti fornite a Foursquare:
Foursquare deve avere il diritto di utilizzare, riprodurre, trasferire, concedere in licenza e comunque poter sfruttare in modo continuato qualsiasi luogo, locale, latitudine e longitudine o altre informazioni di posizione dall'utente indicate, caricate, pubblicate, create o aggiunte alla Piattaforma (compreso, senza limitazioni, tutto ciò che riguarda il Servizio).
Quale condizione di utilizzo, l'utente promette di non utilizzare la Piattaforma per qualsiasi scopo che è proibito dalle presenti Condizioni d'Utilizzo. L'utente è responsabile per tutte le attività svolte in relazione alla Piattaforma.
A titolo di esempio, e non come limitazione, l'utente non deve (e non deve permettere a terzi di) (a) intraprendere alcuna azione o (b) caricare, scaricare, pubblicare, inviare o in altro modo distribuire o facilitare la distribuzione di qualsiasi Contenuto su o tramite la Piattaforma, inclusi senza limitazione qualunque Contributo dell'utente, che:
Se il Contributo Utente include una fotografia, si applicheranno le Linee guida foto di Foursquare.
L'utente non dovrà (direttamente o indirettamente):
Foursquare non garantisce che saranno messi a disposizione qualsiasi Contenuto o Contributi Utente tramite la Piattaforma. Foursquare non ha l'obbligo di monitorare la Piattaforma, il Contento o i Contributi utente. Tuttavia, Foursquare si riserva il diritto di (a) rimuovere, editare o modificare qualsiasi Contenuto a sua esclusiva discrezione, tra cui senza limitazioni qualsiasi Contributo utente presente nella Piattaforma in qualsiasi momento, senza preavviso e per qualsiasi ragione (ivi compresi, a titolo di esempio, al ricevimento di reclami o accuse da parte di terzi o delle autorità relativi a tali Contenuti o se Foursquare teme che possano esser state violate le presenti Condizioni di utilizzo) o senza alcuna particolare motivazione e (b) di rimuovere o bloccare qualsiasi Contributo utente presente nella Piattaforma. Foursquare si riserva altresì il diritto di accedere, leggere, conservare e divulgare qualsiasi informazione che Foursquare ritiene ragionevolmente necessaria per (i) conformarsi a qualunque legge, regolamento, procedura legale o richiesta governativa, (ii) applicare queste Condizioni d'uso, comprese le indagini di potenziali violazioni dello stesso, (iii) rilevare, prevenire o altrimenti affrontare la frode, problemi di sicurezza o tecnici, (iv) rispondere alle richieste di assistenza degli utenti, o (v) proteggere i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza di foursquare, dei suoi utenti e del pubblico.
Il presente Accordo contiene l'Informativa sulla privacy Foursquare, che include il trattamento da parte di Foursquare di dati personali e altri dati che foursquare raccoglie quando si accede alla Piattaforma. A titolo di chiarezza, le informazioni che si inoltrano durante il processo di verifica richiesta saranno conservate e utilizzate da foursquare in relazione a tale processo.
In connessione con la Piattaforma, è possibile ottenere informazioni personali, inclusi ma non limitati a nome account twitter, nome e cognome, città e stato della posizione corrente, il numero di giorni fuori, check-in e tutte le cose fatte su foursquare e numero di amici su foursquare (con dieci che vengono visualizzati) da parte degli utenti del servizio Foursquare. Senza ottenere l'autorizzazione preventiva da Foursquare o relativo utente, queste informazioni personali possono essere utilizzate soltanto affinchè l'utente possa visualizzare l'utilizzo foursquare nel suo luogo e non si possono utilizzare o divulgare tali informazioni per qualsiasi altro scopo. Foursquare non ha concesso una licenza per utilizzare le informazioni per messaggi commerciali non richiesti. Senza limitare quanto sopra, senza il consenso esplicito da parte dell'utente, non si è autorizzati ad aggiungere qualsiasi utente foursquare alla propria email o elenco fisico di posta. L'utente accetta di intraprendere misure commercialmente ragionevoli, compatibili con le leggi, norme e regolamenti, per proteggere tutti i dati utente Foursquare e le informazioni da accessi non autorizzati, la divulgazione o l'accesso da parte di terzi.
Foursquare può cessare l'accesso di qualsiasi utente a tutta o parte della Piattaforma, in qualsiasi momento, con o senza motivo, con o senza preavviso, con effetto immediato. Se si desidera interrompere la registrazione e l'account, lo si può fare in qualsiasi momento seguendo le istruzioni riportate sulla Piattaforma.
Al momento della revoca, tutti i diritti e gli obblighi delle parti cessano e si deve immediatamente interrompere l'utilizzo della Piattaforma, a condizione che sopravvivano (a) tutti gli obblighi maturati prima della data effettiva della revoca (ivi compresi a titolo di esempio tutti gli obblighi di pagamento) e tutti i rimedi alla violazione dell’Accordo e (b) le disposizioni delle Sezioni 5, 7 e da 9 a 14 comprese. Successivamente alla revoca, Foursquare non ha l’obbligo di preservare alcun contenuto dell’account dell’utente né di inoltrare messaggi non letti o non inviati all'utente o a qualsiasi utente del servizio "Foursquare" o a terzi.
LA piattaforma è FORNITA "COSÌ COM'È" E "COME DISPONIBILE". LA PIATTAFORMA È FORNITA SENZA ALCUNA GARANZIA DI ALCUN TIPO, ESPLICITA O IMPLICITA, COMPRESE A TITOLO DI ESEMPIO LE GARANZIE IMPLICITE DI PROPRIETÀ, NON VIOLAZIONE, INTEGRAZIONE, COMMERCIABILITÀ E IDONEITÀ PER UN PARTICOLARE SCOPO E QUALSIASI GARANZIA IMPLICITA DI ACCORDO O UTILIZZO COMMERCIALE, PER LE QUALI SI DECLINA ESPRESSAMENTE OGNI RESPONSABILITÀ. FOURSQUARE NON GARANTISCE CHE: (A) TUTTE LE INFORMAZIONI SIANO PUNTUALI, PRECISE, AFFIDABILI O CORRETTE; (B) LA PIATTAFORMA SIA SICURA, PRIVA DI ERRORI, ININTERROTTA O DISPONIBILE IN QUALSIASI MOMENTO O LUOGO PARTICOLARE; (C) EVENTUALI DIFETTI O ERRORI VENGANO CORRETTI; (D) LA PIATTAFORMA NON CONTENGA VIRUS O ALTRI COMPONENTI DANNOSI; O (E) SI POSSANO OTTENERE RISULTATI O ESITI DI QUALSIASI TIPO. L'USO DELLA PIATTAFORMA È ESCLUSIVAMENTE A RISCHIO DELL'UTENTE.
L'utente conviene che Foursquare non sarà responsabile per qualsiasi accesso non autorizzato, alterazione o uso del proprio account, trasmissioni o dati, o qualsiasi materiale o dati inviati o ricevuti o non inviati o ricevuti attraverso la Piattaforma. L'utente accetta che Foursquare non è responsabile per eventuali contenuti o comportamenti minacciosi, diffamatori, osceni, offensivi, illegali o altri da parte di terzi o qualsiasi violazione di diritti altrui, inclusi i diritti di proprietà intellettuale.
IN IN NESSUN CASO FOURSQUARE (O I SUOI AFFILIATI, LICENZIATARI E FORNITORI) DEVONO ESSERE CONSIDERATI RESPONSABILI PER QUALSIASI QUESTIONE IN OGGETTO RELATIVA ALLA PIATTAFORMA, INDIPENDENTEMENTE DALLA FORMA DI QUALSIASI RECLAMO O AZIONE (CHE SIA NEI TERMINI DEL CONTRATTO, PER NEGLIGENZA, RESPONSABILITÀ OGGETTIVA O DI ALTRO TIPO), PER QUALSIASI (A) QUESTIONE FUORI DAL SUO RAGIONEVOLE CONTROLLO, (B) PERDITA O INESATTEZZA DEI DATI, PERDITA O INTERRUZIONE DI UTILIZZO, O COSTI PER LA FORNITURA DI TECNOLOGIE, BENI O SERVIZI SOSTITUTIVI, (C) DANNI INDIRETTI, PUNITIVI, ACCIDENTALI, DIPENDENTI, SPECIALI, ESEMPLARI O CONSEGUENTI, COMPRESA SENZA CARATTERE LIMITATIVO LA PERDITA DI AFFARI, REDDITI, PROFITTI O REPUTAZIONE, O (D) DANNI COMPLESSIVAMENTE SUPERIORI A 50,00$ USA O TARIFFE DI ACCESSO ALLA PIATTAFORMA PAGATE NEI 12 MESI PRECEDENTI, LA SOMMA MAGGIORE TRA LE DUE, ANCHE SE FOURSQUARE È STATA AVVISATA DELLA POSSIBILITÀ DI TALI DANNI. QUESTE LIMITAZIONI SONO INDIPENDENTI DA TUTTE LE ALTRE DISPOSIZIONI DEL PRESENTE ACCORDO E DEVONO ESSERE APPLICATE INDIPENDENTEMENTE DAL FALLIMENTO DI QUALSIASI RIMEDIO PREVISTO NELL‘AMBITO DEL PRESENTE ACCORDO.
ALCUNI STATI E ALTRE GIURISDIZIONI NON PERMETTONO L’ESCLUSIONE O LA LIMITAZIONE DI RESPONSABILITÀ PER I DANNI ACCIDENTALI O CONSEGUENTI, PERTANTO LE SUDDETTE LIMITAZIONI ED ESCLUSIONI POTREBBERO NON ESSERE APPLICABILI.
L'Utente accetta di (a) difendere Foursquare e i suoi dipendenti, appaltatori, funzionari, dirigenti e rappresentanti da qualsiasi provvedimento o azione legale dovuta al proprio uso o abuso della Piattaforma, da qualsiasi transazione o altra relazione d’affari con altri utenti o terze parti in cui è coinvolto, o dalla violazione di qualsiasi dichiarazione propria, garanzia o impegno nell’ambito del presente Accordo, e (b) manlevare Foursquare da spese di negoziazione o danni, responsabilità, costi e spese (comprese le spese legali) riconosciuti e derivanti da tali richieste. Foursquare si riserva il diritto di assumere la difesa e il controllo esclusivi di qualsiasi questione altrimenti soggetta a indennizzo da parte dell'utente, nel qual caso l'utente deve assistere e collaborare con Foursquare a far valere qualsiasi difesa disponibile.
Una versione stampata del presente Accordo e di tutte le note fornite in forma elettronica sarà ammissibile in procedimenti giudiziari o amministrativi basati su o relativi al presente Accordo nella stessa misura e soggetti alle stesse condizioni di altri documenti e registri commerciali originariamente prodotti e mantenuti in forma stampata.
L'Accordo sarà disciplinato e interpretato in conformità con le leggi dello Stato di New York (ad esclusione dei conflitti sulle norme del diritto) e degli Stati Uniti d'America. In caso di conflitto tra leggi statunitensi e straniere, norme e regolamenti, dovranno prevalere le leggi, le norme e i regolamenti statunitensi. La Convenzione delle Nazioni Unite sui Contratti per la Vendita Internazionale di Beni non si applica all'accordo. Si accetta espressamente che la giurisdizione esclusiva per ogni rivendicazione o azione derivante o relativa all'Accordo o utilizzo della Piattaforma deve essere presentata esclusivamente in tribunali statali o federali con sede a New York, New York, Stati Uniti d'America, e si accetta inoltre e sottopone l'esercizio della giurisdizione personale di tali tribunali allo scopo di risolvere ogni controversia o azione. L'uso della Piattaforma non è autorizzato nelle giurisdizioni che non riconoscono la validità di tutte le disposizioni del presente Accordo, compresa senza limitazione, la presente sezione.
Il presente Accordo, in aggiunta a qualsiasi altro accordo scritto dall'utente stipulato con Foursquare relativamente a servizi specifici, rappresenta l’intero accordo tra l'utente e Foursquare per quanto riguarda la Piattaforma e sostituisce tutte le comunicazioni e proposte precedenti o contemporanee (siano esse in forma orale, scritta o elettronica) tra l'utente e Foursquare relativamente alla Piattaforma. Se una qualsiasi disposizione del presente Accordo si dovesse rivelare inapplicabile o non valida, tale disposizione sarà limitata o eliminata nella minima misura necessaria in modo tale che il presente Accordo resti invece in vigore e applicabile a tutti gli effetti.
I diritti e gli obblighi dell'utente nel quadro del presente Accordo sono personali e non sono assegnabili, trasferibili o cedibili a terzi, se non previa autorizzazione scritta da parte di Foursquare. Foursquare può cedere, trasferire o delegare qualcuno dei suoi diritti e doveri nell'ambito del presente senza consenso. Ogni rinuncia, autorizzazione e modifica deve essere presentata in forma scritta e firmata da entrambe le parti, salvo indicazione contraria fornita nel presente. Nessuna agenzia, partnership, joint venture o relazione di lavoro è creata come risultato della Piattaforma o del presente Accordo e nessuna delle parti ha alcuna autorità di qualsiasi tipo per vincolare in alcun modo l’altra parte. Tutte le comunicazioni ai sensi del presente Accordo avverranno per iscritto (compresa la forma elettronica) e saranno considerate debitamente fornite quando ricevute, se consegnate di persona o inviate tramite raccomandata o posta certificata, con ricevuta di ritorno; quando la ricezione è confermata in forma elettronica, se la comunicazione è trasmessa via fax, e‑mail o attraverso il servizio; o il giorno dopo l'invio, se spedite con consegna il giorno successivo per mezzo di servizi riconosciuti di spedizione durante la notte.
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!


--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/legal/trademark
Foursquare ®, Swarm™, 4SQ ® ve Check-in™ ve belirli grafik, logo, rozet, tasarım, sayfa başlığı, buton simgesi ve komut dizinleri, A.B.D.'de ve diğer ülkelerde Foursquare Labs, Inc.'in ("Foursquare") tescilli markası, hizmet markası ve ticari tarzıdır ("Foursquare Markaları"). Foursquare ® hizmetlerine yardımcı olan ve onları destekleyen fikir, hizmet ve araçları destekliyor ve teşvik ediyoruz. Ancak, şöhretimizi ve marka kimliğimizi koruma konusunda çok ciddiyiz. Bu amacımıza ulaşmamıza yardımcı olmak için bu kılavuzlara uymalısınız.
Foursquare; kamuya yalnızca Foursquare'in sunduğu, desteklediği ve onayladığı ürün ve hizmetlerin gerçekten Foursquare Markalarını taşıdığı güvencesini vermelidir. Ticari Marka kanunu, Foursquare Markalarını, yalnızca yanlış kullanıma karşı değil, kafa karıştıracak kadar benzer markaların kullanımına karşı da korumamızı gerektirir.
Bize Foursquare Markalarının korunmasına yardımcı olman için, biz şunu soruyoruz:
Dos.
Yapılmaması Gerekenler.
Foursquare Markalarının sunumunun, Foursquare Markalarını Foursquare'in kıyaslanabilir ortamda kendi kullandığı biçimle tutarlı olmasını temin edeceksiniz. Foursquare zaman zaman Foursquare Markalarının boyut, yazıyüzü, renk ve diğer grafik özelliklerine ilişkin kılavuzlar sağlayabilir; bunlar size teslim edilmesinden sonra bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Özellikleri Kılavuzlarına dâhil edilmiş kabul edilecektir.
Herhangi bir mal üzerinde Foursquare Markaları bizim iznimiz olmadan kullanamazsın.
Eğer bizim API'mizi kendi uygulaman veya hizmetinde kullanıyorsan, şunları istiyoruz:
Şunları yapmalısın:
"Bu [uygulama / hizmet] Foursquare ® uygulama programlama arayüzünü kullanır ama Foursquare Labs, Inc tarafından onaylı veya belgeli değildir Bu [uygulama / web sitesinde] görüntülenen bütün Foursquare ® logoları (bütün rozetler de dahil) ve ticari markaları "Foursquare Labs, Inc. malıdır.
Eğer uygulamanda veya hizmetinde API'mizi kullanıyorsan, powered by Foursquare ® logolarımızdan birini, internet sitenizde, tüm mobil uygulama mağazalarında ve uygulamanızda gösterme dâhil, uygulaman veya hizmetinle bağlantılı olarak GÖSTEREBİLİRSİN. Powered by Foursquare ® logomuzu, uygulama veya hizmetinizi Foursquare' tarafından onay veya tasdik edildiğini işaret etmeyecek bir biçimde kullan. Foursquare API Kullanım Şartları ve bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Özellikleri Kılavuzlarına tam uyumlu olmak koşuluyla, Foursquare burada size; sınırlı, kişisel, alt lisanslanamaz, devredilemez, münhasır olmayan, geri alınabilir bir lisansı, powered by Foursquare ® logosunu; internet sitesiniz, tüm mobil uygulama mağazalarınız ve uygulamanız dâhil, uygulama ve hizmetlerinizle bağlantı olarak kullanmanız amacıyla verir.
Foursquare API Kullanım şartlarına ve bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Özellikleri kılavuzuna eksiksiz uymaya tabi olarak, burada aksi belirtilen herhangi bir şeye bağlı olmaksızın, Foursquare burada yalnızca kendi takdiriyle; API'mizden veya başka yönlerden hizmetimizle ilişkili yollardan faydalanarak uygulamayı veya hizmetini dağıtmak ve duyurmak ile bağlantılı olarak, ticari markan, internet sitesi adın ve seçtiğin etki alanı adı içinde "4SQ" veya "four", "square", "check" veya önceden Foursquare tarafından onaylanmış ("Onaylanmış terimler" ile birlikte) benzeri terimleri kullanabilmen için sınırlı, kişisel, alt lisanslanamaz, devredilemez, ek imkan sunmayan, geri alınabilir bir lisans verebilir. Sana böyle bir lisans verirsek, şunları kabul edersin:
Eğer bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Özelliği Yönergelerine uymazsan, sana API'mizi sağlamayı durdurma hakkını saklı tutarız.
API kullanıyorsan, Foursquare İşaretlerinin kullanımı hakkında daha fazla bilgi için, lütfen Geliştiriciler için Ticari Marka Yönergeleri 101
Eğer bu şartları kabul etmiyorsanız Foursquare Markalarını kullanmamalısınız. İleride doğabilecek marka sorunlarını ele almamıza yardımcı olmak için zaman zaman bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Özellikleri Kılavuzlarını size bildirmeden değiştirebiliriz. Üzerinde değişiklik yapılan herhangi bir şarta uymakla ve dolayısıyla herhangi bir değişikliği inceleyip bilgi sahibi olmakla sorumlusunuz. Eğer bu Ticari Marka ve Marka Kılavuzlarına uymazsanız, Foursquare Markalarını kullanmaya hakkınız yoktur.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/legal/trademark
Foursquare®, Swarm™, 4SQ® dan Check-in™ dan grafik, logo, badge, desain, kepala laman, ikon tombol, dan skrip tertentu adalah merek dagang, merek jasa dan simbol dagang Foursquare Labs, Inc. ("Foursquare") di AS dan negara lain, ("Merek Foursquare"). Kami mendukung dan mendorong ide, layanan, dan alat bantu yang menggunakan dan menambahkan layanan Foursquare®. Tetapi, kami cukup serius dalam melindungi reputasi dan identitas merek kami. Untuk membantu kami mencapai tujuan ini, Anda harus mengikuti pedoman ini.
Foursquare harus dapat meyakinkan publik bahwa hanya produk dan layanan yang ditawarkan, disponsori, atau didukung oleh Foursquare yang benar-benar memiliki Merek Foursquare. Undang-undang merek dagang mensyaratkan agar kami tidak hanya melindungi terhadap penyalahgunaan Merek Foursquare, tetapi juga melindungi terhadap merek serupa yang membingungkan.
Agar Anda membantu kami melindungi Merek Foursquare kami, kami meminta hal-hal berikut ini:
Hal yang Harus Dilakukan.
Hal yang Tidak Boleh Dilakukan.
Anda harus memastikan bahwa penyajian Merek Foursquare harus konsisten dengan penggunaan Merek Foursquare oleh Foursquare dalam media yang serupa. Dari waktu ke waktu, Foursquare dapat memberikan kepada Anda pedoman tentang ukuran, tipografi, warna, dan karakteristik grafis lain dari Merek Foursquare, yang dengan pengirimannya kepada Anda, akan dianggap dimasukkan ke dalam Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek.
Anda tidak boleh menggunakan Merek Foursquare pada barang dagangan tanpa izin kami.
Apabila Anda menggunakan API kami pada aplikasi atau layanan Anda, kami memberikan persyaratan berikut ini:
Anda Harus
“[Aplikasi/layanan] ini menggunakan antarmuka pemrograman aplikasi Foursquare® tetapi tidak didukung atau disetujui oleh Foursquare Labs, Inc. Semua logo Foursquare® (termasuk semua badge) dan merek dagang pada [aplikasi/layanan] ini adalah hak milik Foursquare Labs, Inc.”
Apabila Anda menggunakan API kami dalam aplikasi atau layanan Anda, maka Anda DAPAT menampilkan salah satu logo didukung oleh Foursquare® kami sehubungan dengan aplikasi atau layanan Anda, termasuk pada situs web Anda, semua toko aplikasi bergerak, dan aplikasi Anda. Penggunaan logo didukung oleh Foursquare® dengan cara apa pun tidak menandakan bahwa aplikasi atau layanan Anda disetujui atau disahkan oleh Foursquare. Dengan memperhatikan kepatuhan penuh terhadap Ketentuan Penggunaan API Foursquare, dan Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek, Foursquare dengan ini memberikan kepada Anda suatu lisensi yang terbatas, pribadi, tidak dapat disublisensikan, tidak dapat dialihkan, noneksklusif, dan tidak dapat dicabut untuk menggunakan logo didukung oleh Foursquare® sehubungan dengan aplikasi atau layanan Anda, termasuk pada situs web Anda, seluruh toko aplikasi bergerak, dan aplikasi Anda.
Dengan memperhatikan kepatuhan penuh terhadap Ketentuan Penggunaan API Foursquare dan Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek, terlepas dari hal-hal yang bertentangan di sini, Foursquare dengan ini dapat, atas pertimbangannya sendiri, memberikan kepada Anda suatu lisensi yang terbatas, pribadi, tidak dapat disublisensikan, tidak dapat dialihkan, noneksklusif, dapat dicabut untuk menggunakan "4SQ" atau istilah "four", "square", "check", atau istilah lain serupa yang telah disetujui sebelumnya oleh Foursquare (bersama-sama "Istilah yang Disetujui") untuk dicantumkan pada merek dagang, nama situs web, dan nama domain pilihan Anda sehubungan dengan promosi dan distribusi aplikasi atau layanan Anda yang menggunakan API kami atau yang lainnya terkait dengan layanan kami. Apabila kami memberikan lisensi tersebut kepada Anda, Anda setuju bahwa:
Apabila Anda tidak mengikuti Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek ini, kami berhak menghentikan penyediaan API kami untuk Anda.
Untuk informasi lebih lanjut tentang penggunaan Merek Foursquare apabila Anda menggunakan API, lihat: Pedoman Merek Dagang 101 untuk Pengembang.
Apabila Anda tidak setuju dengan ketentuan ini, Anda tidak dapat menggunakan Merek Foursquare. Untuk membantu kami menanggapi pertanyaan tentang merek di kemudian hari, kami dapat memodifikasi Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek dari waktu ke waktu tanpa pemberitahuan kepada Anda. Anda bertanggung jawab untuk mematuhi ketentuan yang dimodifikasi dan ditinjau dan mengetahui modifikasi tersebut. Apabila Anda tidak mematuhi Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek, Anda tidak berhak untuk menggunakan Merek Foursquare.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/legal/api/trademarkusage
Sejak pertama kali kami meluncurkan Foursquare® API, kami kagum dengan kreativitas kamu di platform kami. Luar biasa.
Kami memiliki ketentuan khusus untuk penggunaan API, dan pengacara kami berkata bahwa kami harus menerapkan peraturan untuk merek dagang kami untuk memastikan kami tidak kehilangan kepemilikan atas merek dagang tersebut (pikirkan Aspirin atau Escalator). Jadi, apabila Anda akan menggunakan API kami, berikut ini beberapa peraturan tentang apa yang dapat atau tidak dapat Anda lakukan dengan merek dagang kami. Kami sangat menghargai hal ini, dan ini membantu memastikan bahwa kami akan dapat membedakan layanan kami dari layanan dan barang perusahaan lain.
Kewajiban/pembatasannya adalah:
Fiuh. Setelah semua sudah selesai, berikut ini adalah beberapa hal yang akan memudahkan hidup Anda:
Perhatikan bahwa, kami berhak menolak penggunaan istilah ini sehubungan dengan penggunaan platform API Foursquare®.
Sekali lagi terima kasih atas dukungannya terhadap platform API Foursquare. Kami senang kamu bergabung di sini. Jika kamu memiliki pertanyaan lain, beri tahu kami!
- team Foursquare
Catatan: Seluruh penggunaan merek dagang kami tunduk pada Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek kami. Apabila terdapat perbedaan antara ketentuan ini dan Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek, maka Pedoman Merek Dagang dan Fitur Merek akan berlaku.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!


--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/legal/api/trademarkusage
Desde que lançamos a API do Foursquare®, ficamos absolutamente surpresos com a criatividade que vocês trouxeram para nossa plataforma. É de tirar o fôlego.
Estabelecemos certas condições para utilizar a API e, segundo nossos advogados, precisamos implementar algumas regras relativas a nossas marcas registradas para que continuarmos sendo proprietários delas (lembre-se da Aspirina e do Escalator). Logo, caso utilize nossa API, seguem algumas regras que ditam o que você pode e o que não pode fazer com nossas marcas registradas. Agradecemos sua paciência, e isso nos ajuda a garantir a diferenciação de nossos serviços diante de serviços e produtos de outras empresas.
Aqui estão as obrigações/restrições:
Ufa. Agora que acabou, seguem algumas coisas para facilitar sua vida:
Observe que reservamos o direito de rejeitar qualquer uso destes termos vinculados ao uso da plataforma API do Foursquare.
Obrigado, mais uma vez, por apoiar a plataforma API do Foursquare. Estamos felizes com a sua participação. Se tiver quaisquer outras dúvidas, avise!
- team Foursquare
Observação: todos os usos de nossas marcas registradas estão sujeitos a nossas Diretrizes de recursos de marca registrada e identidade visual. Caso haja algum conflito entre estes termos e as Diretrizes de recursos de marca registrada e identidade visual, as Diretrizes de recursos de marca registrada e identidade visual predominarão.
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://pt.foursquare.com/about/logos
Clique em um logotipo ou ícone abaixo para fazer o download para o seu website. Todos os usos das marcas e logotipos do Foursquare estão sujeitos ao Guia de marca registrada e destaque de marca do Foursquare.
Nossa marca é essencial para a experiência Foursquare. Nós criamos este documento para ajudar a comunicar nosso guia de marca para os parceiros que procuram destacar o Foursquare. Este guia é fornecido para manter a marca focada e única.
Faça download do Guia de Marca do Foursquare em PDF
Usamos as melhores e mais recentes tecnologias disponíveis para oferecer a melhor experiência possível na Web. Para continuar, ative o JavaScript nas configurações do navegador.
Baixe o Foursquare no seu smartphone e comece a conhecer o mundo à sua volta!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/about/logos
Aşağıdaki logo veya simgelerden birine tıklayarak Internet siten için indirebilirsin. Foursquare ticari markalarının ve simgelerinin her türlü kullanımı Foursquare'in Ticari Marka ve Marka Özellik Kılavuzları'na tabidir.
Markamız Foursquare deneyimi için çok önemlidir. Foursquare'i sunmak isteyen ortaklara marka kılavuzumuzu iletmek için bu belgeyi hazırladık. Bu kılavuz, markayı odaklı ve benzersiz kılmak için verilmektedir.
Foursquare Marka Rehberi PDF'yi indir
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://tr.foursquare.com/about/security
Gizlilik hakkında bir sorun varsa veya taciz eden bir davranışı rapor etmen gerekiyorsa, lütfen destek ekibimize bir destek isteği gönder.
Bir güvenlik araştırmacısıysan ve Foursquare'de bir zayıf nokta keşfettiğine inanıyorsan, lütfen bize security@foursquare.com adresine e-posta gönder. Bütün güvenlik raporlarını acil olarak ele alırız ve en kısa zamanda raporunu aldığımızı onaylarız. 24 saat içinde ihtimal dahilinde olmasa da bizden haber alamazsan, bize tekrar ya eposta ile veya twitter'dan ping at. Raporunu aldıktan sonra, konuyu araştırmak ve mümkün olan en kısa sürece çözmek için seninle çalışacağız.
Zayıf noktaları ararken araştırmacılardan izlemelerini istediğimiz birkaç yönergemiz var. Kullanıcının gizliliğine saygı. İznimiz olmadan kullanıcı bilgilerine erişemez veya değiştiremezsin. Foursquare'e karşı hizmetin-reddi saldırılarını kullanma ve hizmet kallitemizi düşürme çabasına girme. Zayıf bir noktayı raporladıktan sonra, herkese açıklamadan önce konuyu araştırıp düzeltmek için bize mantıklı bir süre tanımanı istiyoruz.
Foursquare internet sitesi, ru.foursquare.com gibi yerelleştirilmiş alt alanlar da dahil ve Foursquare API, güvenlik raporları kapsamındadır. blog.foursquare.com ve engineering.foursquare.com siteleri WP Engine tarafından yönetilmektedir. Bu sitelerde bulunan herhangi bir güvenlik sorunu onların iletişim sayfası kullanılarak WP Engine'e rapor edilmelidir. Site support.foursquare.com Zendesk tarafından yönetilmektedir ve support.foursquare.com güvenlik sorunları onların güvenlik sayfası kullanılarak Zendesk'e rapor edilmelidir. Site business.foursquare.com Squarespace tarafından yönetilmektedir ve sorunlar onların iletişim sayfası aracılığıyla rapor edilmelidir. Site translate.foursquare.com / Smartling tarafından yönetilmektedir ve sorunlar onların iletişim sayfasını kullanarak rapor edilmelidir.
Foursquare'i daha güvenli hale getirmemize yardım eden aşağıdaki araştırmacılara teşekkürlerimizi sunmak isteriz.
Mümkün olan en iyi internet deneyimini sunmak için en yeni ve en iyi teknolojileri kullanıyoruz. Lütfen tarayıcı ayarlarından JavaScript'i etkin hale getir.
Akıllı telefonuna Foursquare'i İndir ve dünyayı keşfetmeye başla!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/about/security
Kalau kamu punya pertanyaan tentang privasi atau perlu melaporkan perilaku penyalahgunaan, kirim permintaan bantuan ke tim bantuan kami.
Kalau kamu adalah peneliti keamanan dan yakin telah menemukan kerentanan di Foursquare, kirim email kepada kami di security@foursquare.com. Kami memperlakukan semua laporan keamanan sebagai hal yang mendesak dan akan memberitahukan penerimaan laporan Anda sesegera mungkin. Kalau kamu tidak menerima balasan dari kami dalam 24 jam, ping kami lagi dengan email atau di twitter. Setelah kami menerima laporan Anda, kami akan bekerja dengan Anda untuk menyelidiki dan menyelesaikan masalah tersebut sesegera mungkin.
Kami memiliki beberapa pedoman yang harus diikuti peneliti saat mencari kerentanan. Hormati privasi pengguna kami. Anda tidak dapat mengakses atau mengubah data pengguna tanpa izin kami. Jangan menggunakan serangan penolakan layanan (DoS) terhadap Foursquare, dan cobalah menghindari menurunkan kualitas layanan kami. Setelah melaporkan kerentanan, kami meminta Anda untuk memberikan waktu yang wajar kepada kami untuk menyelidiki dan memperbaiki masalah sebelum Anda mengungkapkannya kepada publik.
Situs web Foursquare, termasuk subdomain yang dilokalkan seperti ru.foursquare.com, dan API Foursquare, ada di dalam lingkup laporan keamanan. Situs web blog.foursquare.com dan engineering.foursquare.com dikelola oleh WP Engine. Masalah keamanan yang ditemukan pada situs web tersebut harus dilaporkan ke WP Engine melalui laman kontak mereka. Situs web support.foursquare.com dikelola oleh Zendesk, dan masalah keamanan dengan support.foursquare.com harus dilaporkan ke Zendesk melalui laman keamanan mereka. Situs web business.foursquare.com dikelola oleh Squarespace, dan masalah harus dilaporkan melalui laman kontak mereka. Situs web translate.foursquare.com/ dijalankan oleh Smartling, dan masalah harus dilaporkan melalui laman kontak mereka.
Kami ingin berterima kasih kepada para peneliti berikut ini yang telah membantu kami membuat Foursquare lebih aman.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!

--URL: https://id.foursquare.com/about/team
CEO and co-founder
Dennis adalah pendiri pendamping dan CEO Foursquare, yang mengawasi visi strategis dan peta jalan produk yang telah mengembangkan komunitas Foursquare menjadi lebih dari 50 juta orang di seluruh dunia. Dennis merupakan perintis dalam menggambarkan cara untuk membantu orang-orang menemukan dunia di sekitar mereka melalui dukungan sosial dan data. Dia sebelumnya mendirikan Dodgeball, salah satu dari layanan sosial seluler pertama, yang diakuisisi oleh Google pada 2005.
Dia mendapatkan gelar dari Program Telekomunikasi Interaktif New York University dan Newhouse School di Syracuse University. Dia juga memenangkan putaran bonus "Fast Money" di acara kuis TV Family Feud.
Selera favorit: big buck hunter, koktail, pinball, roll lobster, bar informal, rangoon kepiting, seni jalanan, root bir, dan telur scotch.
Chief Operating Officer
Jeff adalah chief operating officer di Foursquare, yang bertanggung jawab atas strategi dan pengoperasian perusahaan, termasuk pemasaran dan humas, pengembangan bisnis, keuangan, dan talenta. Sebelum Foursquare, Jeff adalah CEO Skyfire Labs, perusahaan teknologi seluler yang diakuisisi oleh Opera Software. Setelah site59.com, perusahaan yang dia dirikan, diakuisisi oleh Travelocity, Jeff menghabiskan tujuh tahun sebagai Chief Marketing Officer, di mana dia mengawasi merek, termasuk penerapan "roaming gnome", garansi pelanggan baru dan deklarasi hak. Sebelumnya, Jeff membuka kantor di Amerika Latin sebagai konsultan di Monitor Company dan menjadi petugas White House pada pemerintahan Clinton.
Dia memiliki gelar master dari Oxford sebagai Marshall Scholar dan gelar sarjana dari Harvard College.
Selera favorit: makanan lokal, jus peras segar, produk musiman, dan caipirinha.
Sebagai chief revenue officer di Foursquare, Steven mengawasi strategi dan pelaksanaan produk monetisasi perusahaan. Dia membangun tim penjualan lokal, nasional dan global, serta pemasaran bisnis perusahaan, dan membantu merancang Jaringan Audiens Foursquare (FAN), platform iklan independen yang menggunakan data Foursquare.
Sebelum bergabung di Foursquare, Steven meluncurkan iAd, platform iklan Apple untuk merek dan pengembang. Dia memimpin penjualan dan strategi iklan untuk iAd, di mana dia mengelola penjualan, manajemen pelanggan, hubungan agensi, dan tim kreatif dan strategi. Steven menjabat senior vice president of advertising sales di Quattro Wireless sampai diakuisisi oleh Apple pada Januari 2010. Dia memiliki pengalaman lebih dari lima belas tahun dalam pemasaran dan periklanan digital.
Selera favorit: Omakase, rol lobster, parmaigiana ayam, bakso, roti lapis pastrami, wafel Belgia, lox, bagel, pizza pepperoni, Arnold Palmers, tiramisu, musik live, dan busana perancang.
Andrew Hogue adalah senior vice president dari bidang teknis di Foursquare, dia memimpin tim kelas dunia yang mewujudkan ide kami menjadi kenyataan. Sebelumnya Andrew mengepalai tim pencarian Foursquare yang bertanggung jawab dalam hal aplikasi data besar seperti Explore, Radar, dan Venue Search. Sebelum bergabung dengan Foursquare, Andrew memimpin tim Data Terstruktur di Google, di sana dia membantu untuk meluncurkan Grafik Pengetahuan dan mengolah beberapa aplikasi seperti jawaban pertanyaan, analisis sentimen, serta pencarian lokal.
Andrew memiliki gelar Bachelor dan Master dalam Ilmu Komputer di MIT, dan penelitiannya difokuskan pada pengenalan pola serta pembelajaran mesin. Dia berasal dari New Jersey, tempat dia tinggal bersama istri dan tiga anaknya.
Selera favorit: bir buatan sendiri, tur pembuatan bir, egg benedict, roll lobster, musik jazz, mengamati orang, matahari terbenam, dan scotch.
Jon adalah vice president of product experience di Foursquare. Timnya berfokus pada cara orang-orang terhubung dengan produk, termasuk desain, kebergunaan, riset, copy, dan merek. Sebelum membentuk tim pengalaman produk, Jon mengawasi merek Foursquare sebagai head of the marketing and communications team. Sebelum bergabung dalam Foursquare, Jon memimpin tim produk di Konten Terkait, yang dijual ke Yahoo. Dia juga menghabiskan beberapa tahun di Google, di mana dia memegang beberapa peran dalam pemasaran produk dan pengaturan kebijakan/komunikasi di AS dan Eropa. Dia telah bekerja di bidang periklanan, sebagai desainer, dan guru.
Jon belajar ilmu politik, hak asasi manusia, dan penulisan kreatif di Columbia University. Dia juga belajar dansa di Tokyo.
Selera favorit: galeri seni, DJ live, tempat tersembunyi, gerai foto, museum, sashimi, dan tater tots
Noah adalah vice president of product management di Foursquare, di mana dia mengawasi tim manajemen dan analis produk dalam fitur pelanggan dan monetisasi. Sebelumnya, Noah adalah product manager di Google. Dia adalah kepala produk untuk tim pencarian web data terstruktur, di mana dia membantu peluncuran Knowledge Graph Google. Sebelumnya, dia mengerjakan iklan yang ditampilkan menyusul akuisisi DoubleClick.
Noah memiliki gelar sarjana dari Stanford University dalam sains, teknologi, dan masyarakat dengan fokus pada ilmu komputer dan ekonomi. Dia lulus dengan memuaskan dan Phi Beta Kappa.
Selera favorit: makanan sarapan siang, bacon, taco sarapan, koktail spesial, seni latte, latte es, tahu mapo, hidangan di luar menu, happy hour tiram, pangsit sup daging babi, mi ramen, dan makanan pedas.
Mike Singleton, Jon Hoffman, Eric Friedman, Sean Salmon, Kushal Dave, Jonathan Crowley, Sam Brown, Brian Chase, Matt Healy, Neil Sanchala, Josh Adams, Nina Yiamsamatha, Tim Julien, Nate Folkert, Ben Ludman, Jon Shea, Daniel Salinas, Ben Lee, Matt Kamen, Max Sklar, David Taylor, Robert Joseph, Zack Sheppard, Benjy Weinberger, Nick Burton, Simon Favreau-Lessard, Courtney Christopher, John Gallagher, Laura Covington, Blake Shaw, Tom Dyas, Suraj Acharya, Scott Snyder, Kyle Fowler, Dan Harrison, Adam Poswolsky, Ray Lin, Petko Minkov, Jackson Davis, David Ban, David Rosenberg, Andrew McKenzie, Ryan Landry, Omer Zach, Sam Wang, Jacob Van De Weert, WillB Bertelsen, Maryam Aly, Sid Nair, Jake Kaufman, Bill Cauchois, Elyse Estrada, Rob Wilk, Katie Brown, Cathy Muldowney, Varun Shetty, Jack Osborne, Geoffroy Bablon, Rory Parness, Swen Graham, Brian Williamson, Denis Sosnovtsev, Elizabeth Irizarry, Tracey Churray, Mike Harkey, Karina van Schaardenburg, Jeff Jenkins, Nikhil Dandekar, David Hu, Jeff Forbes, Greg Dougherty, Matthew Kehrt, Jeff Kao, Sebastian Angarita, Patrick Lawson, Basak Haznedaroglu, Audrey Tolbert, Ben Mackey, Tori Ugarte, Mitch Livingston, David Greenberger, Renee Budak, Jack Gashi, Vineet Shah, Brett Joss, Linda Felter, Varun Vaswani, Jess Almog, Karl Quinn, Jameson Pine, Fia Matsson, Peter Scordo, Maria Kolakowska, Stefano Guidolin, Eric Berg, Dai Shi, Kris Concepcion, Allie Crozier, David Im, Justin Breton, Tom Maxim, Lauren Fukano, Monti Bray, Ece Inanc, Nathan Yuen, Rahul Maddimsetty, Becca Hare, Aaron Mitchell, Dave Sinsky, Emma Cramer, Arkadiy Kukarkin, James Cardamone, Cameron Mulhern, David Park, Rikin Diwan, Nikki Bogopolsky, Caroline Rubin, Alyxa Lease, Matthew Michihara, Nicole Formica, Arjun Sundararajan, Chris Costello, Stephanie Yang, Vianney Brandicourt, Tom Lim-Meng, Kyle Bye, Kathryn Hymes, Berk Kapicioglu, Sam Grossberg, Scott Sklar, Vanessa Caffarena, Andy Tao, Amy Wang, Enrique Cruz, Sonia Grobman, Kinjil Mathur, Amber Lockwood, Adrian Bakula, Jymmi Lindsey, Ophir Etzion, Dave Reed, Emily Kane, Dustin Keitel, Tyler Simmons, Rekha Lakshmanan, Alia Ormut-Fleishman, Danny Roa, Ben Lanier, Marissa Chacko, Sarah Spagnolo, Kendall Thornton, and Meredith Blechman
Chloe Hill, Jessie Chen, Cole Kennedy, William Scholl, Jr., and Josy Hamren
Lihat laman pekerjaan kami untuk informasi lebih lanjut dan daftar posisi yang terbuka.
Kami menggunakan teknologi terbaru dan terbaik yang ada untuk memberikan pengalaman web terbaik yang mungkin. Aktifkan JavaScript di pengaturan browser untuk melanjutkan.
Unduh Foursquare untuk ponselmu dan mulailah menjelajahi dunia di sekitarmu!


--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/about/team
CEO and co-founder
Деннис — один из учредителей и генеральный директор Foursquare; отвечает за реализацию стратегии и составление дорожной карты для продукции компании. Благодаря его усилиям международная аудитория Foursquare сегодня превышает 50 миллионов человек. Деннис разрабатывает инновационные способы изучения окружающего мира на основе имеющихся данных и с привлечением социальных сетей. В свое время Деннис создал одну из первых мобильных соцсетей в США Dodgeball, которую в 2005 году приобрела компания Google.
Деннис — обладатель степени магистра по Программе интерактивных коммуникаций Нью-Йоркского университета и степени бакалавра школы Ньюхаус при Сиракузском университете. Он также стал победителем бонусного раунда " Быстрые деньги" телевизионной игры "Family Feud" ("Семейная вражда").
Вкусы: Big Buck Hunter, коктейли, пинбол, рулеты с омарами, бары, крабовые пельмени, стрит-арт, рутбир и яйца по-шотландски.
Chief Operating Officer
Джефф — главный операционный директор Foursquare. Он отвечает за корпоративную стратегию и операционную деятельность, включая маркетинг и PR, развитие бизнеса, финансы и управление талантами. До Foursquare Джефф был генеральным директором Skyfire Labs — компании мобильных технологий, приобретенной Opera Software. После того, как site59.com, в которой Джефф был соучредителем, был приобретен компанией Travelocity, Джефф семь лет работал директором по маркетингу, отвечая за развитие бренда. Там он провел акцию со "странствующим гномом", а также создал новую пользовательскую гарантию и билль о правах клиентов. До этого Джефф в качестве консультанта Monitor Company открыл офисы компании в Латинской Америке, а также работал младшим сотрудником в Администрации Билла Клинтона в Белом доме.
Он получил степень магистра в Оксфорде в качестве стипендиата фонда Маршалла, а также степень бакалавра в Гарвардском колледже.
Вкусы: блюда собственного приготовления, свежевыжатые соки, сезонные продукты и кайпиринья.
В должности директора по доходам Foursquare Стивен отвечает за реализацию стратегии и внедрение продуктов монетизации. Он сформировал команды бизнес-маркетинга, а также международные, национальные и местные торговые команды, участвовал в разработке Foursquare Audience Network (FAN) — независимой рекламной платформы, использующей данные Foursquare.
До прихода в Foursquare Стивен запустил iAd — рекламную платформу Apple для брендов и разработчиков. В его сферу ответственности входила продажа рекламы и реализация стратегии iAd; в частности, он руководил продажами, управлением счетами, отношениями с агентствами, а также творческой командой и командой разработки стратегии. Ранее Стивен занимал должность старшего вице-президента по продажам рекламы в Quattro Wireless до ее приобретения Apple в январе 2010 года. За плечами у него — 15-летний опыт работы в области цифрового маркетинга и рекламы.
Вкусы: омакасе, рулеты с омарами, курица с пармезаном, вареники, сэндвич с пастрами, бельгийские вафли, засоленный лосось, рогалики, пицца пепперони, Арнольд Палмер, тирамису, живая музыка и дизайнерская одежда.
Эндрю Хог — старший вице-президент Foursquare по техническим разработкам; руководит командой мирового класса, воплощающей все наши идеи в реальность. Ранее Эндрю возглавлял отдел поиска Foursquare, отвечающий за такие важные функции управления данными, как "Исследовать" (Explore), "Радар" (Radar), и "Поиск заведения" (Venue Search) и другие. До прихода в Foursquare Эндрю руководил командой структурированных данных в Google, где способствовал запуску Графа знаний, а также работал над такими функциями, как ответы на вопросы, анализ настроений и локальный поиск.
Эндрю получил степени бакалавра и магистра компьютерных наук в Массачусетском технологическом институте; его исследования были направлены на распознавание образов и обучение машин. Родился Эндрю в Нью-Джерси, где и сейчас проживает с женой и тремя детьми.
Вкусы: пиво собственного производства, туры по пивоваренным заводам, яйца Бенедикт, роллы с омарами, джаз, наблюдение за людьми, закаты и скотч.
Джон — вице-президент Foursquare по обеспечению удовлетворенности клиентов. Его команда контролирует все аспекты, определяющие восприятие клиентами продукции, включая ее дизайн, удобство использования, рекламное сопровождение, текстовое наполнение и бренд. Ранее Джон занимался развитием бренда Foursquare в качестве руководителя отдела маркетинга и коммуникаций, а перед этим возглавлял команду разработки продукции в Associated Content, которую впоследствии приобрела Yahoo. Он также посвятил несколько лет работе в Google, где занимал ряд должностей в области маркетинга продукции и отделах разработки политики/ коммуникаций в США и Европе. Ранее Джон работал в области рекламы, а также успел побывать дизайнером и учителем.
Джон изучал политологию, права человека и писательское ремесло в Колумбийском университете, а также учился танцам в Токио.
Вкусы: художественные галереи, ди-джеи с живой музыкой, скрытые изюминки, фотокабинки, музеи, сашими и хрустящий жареный картофель
Ноа является вице-президентом по управлению продукцией Foursquare и руководит командами продукт-менеджмента и командами аналитиков, отвечающими за потребительские свойства и монетизацию. Ранее Ноа работал менеджером по продукции Google. Он был ведущим разработчиком продуктов в команде организации веб-поиска со структурированными данными и помог запустить Граф знаний Google. До этого он занимался макетными объявлениями после приобретения DoubleClick.
Ноа получил степень бакалавра в Стэнфордском университете по специальности "наука, техника и общество" со специализацией в компьютерных науках и экономике. Университет Ноа окончил с отличием и в качестве члена общества "Фи-бета-каппа".
Вкусы: блюда на ланч, бекон, завтрак с тако, самодельные коктейли, латте-арт, ледяной латте, мaпo тофу, блюда, отсутствующие в меню, часы скидок на устрицы, суп с клецками из свинины, рамен и острые блюда.
Mike Singleton, Jon Hoffman, Eric Friedman, Sean Salmon, Kushal Dave, Jonathan Crowley, Sam Brown, Brian Chase, Matt Healy, Neil Sanchala, Josh Adams, Nina Yiamsamatha, Tim Julien, Nate Folkert, Ben Ludman, Jon Shea, Daniel Salinas, Ben Lee, Matt Kamen, Max Sklar, David Taylor, Robert Joseph, Zack Sheppard, Benjy Weinberger, Nick Burton, Simon Favreau-Lessard, Courtney Christopher, John Gallagher, Laura Covington, Blake Shaw, Tom Dyas, Suraj Acharya, Scott Snyder, Kyle Fowler, Dan Harrison, Adam Poswolsky, Ray Lin, Petko Minkov, Jackson Davis, David Ban, David Rosenberg, Andrew McKenzie, Ryan Landry, Omer Zach, Sam Wang, Jacob Van De Weert, WillB Bertelsen, Maryam Aly, Sid Nair, Jake Kaufman, Bill Cauchois, Elyse Estrada, Rob Wilk, Katie Brown, Cathy Muldowney, Varun Shetty, Jack Osborne, Geoffroy Bablon, Rory Parness, Swen Graham, Brian Williamson, Denis Sosnovtsev, Elizabeth Irizarry, Tracey Churray, Mike Harkey, Karina van Schaardenburg, Jeff Jenkins, Nikhil Dandekar, David Hu, Jeff Forbes, Greg Dougherty, Matthew Kehrt, Jeff Kao, Sebastian Angarita, Patrick Lawson, Basak Haznedaroglu, Audrey Tolbert, Ben Mackey, Tori Ugarte, Mitch Livingston, David Greenberger, Renee Budak, Jack Gashi, Vineet Shah, Brett Joss, Linda Felter, Varun Vaswani, Jess Almog, Karl Quinn, Jameson Pine, Fia Matsson, Peter Scordo, Maria Kolakowska, Stefano Guidolin, Eric Berg, Dai Shi, Kris Concepcion, Allie Crozier, David Im, Justin Breton, Tom Maxim, Lauren Fukano, Monti Bray, Ece Inanc, Nathan Yuen, Rahul Maddimsetty, Becca Hare, Aaron Mitchell, Dave Sinsky, Emma Cramer, Arkadiy Kukarkin, James Cardamone, Cameron Mulhern, David Park, Rikin Diwan, Nikki Bogopolsky, Caroline Rubin, Alyxa Lease, Matthew Michihara, Nicole Formica, Arjun Sundararajan, Chris Costello, Stephanie Yang, Vianney Brandicourt, Tom Lim-Meng, Kyle Bye, Kathryn Hymes, Berk Kapicioglu, Sam Grossberg, Scott Sklar, Vanessa Caffarena, Andy Tao, Amy Wang, Enrique Cruz, Sonia Grobman, Kinjil Mathur, Amber Lockwood, Adrian Bakula, Jymmi Lindsey, Ophir Etzion, Dave Reed, Emily Kane, Dustin Keitel, Tyler Simmons, Rekha Lakshmanan, Alia Ormut-Fleishman, Danny Roa, Ben Lanier, Marissa Chacko, Sarah Spagnolo, Kendall Thornton, and Meredith Blechman
Chloe Hill, Jessie Chen, Cole Kennedy, William Scholl, Jr., and Josy Hamren
Перейдите на страницу вакансий, чтобы просмотреть дополнительную информацию и ознакомиться со списком открытых вакансий.
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!

--URL: https://ru.foursquare.com/about/contact
Самую свежую информацию о Foursquare и Swarm вы сможете найти в нашем официальном блоге. Напишите нам, если у вас есть вопросы к службе поддержки, пресс-запросы или если вы хотите стать частью нашей команды.
У вас возникли вопросы или сложности с Foursquare? Если вам нужен срочный ответ, зайдите на страницу support.foursquare.com, где размещены решения распространенных проблем. Если вам не удастся найти ответ на свой вопрос, отправьте его нам с вышеупомянутой страницы или пришлите твит на @4sqSupport, хотя в этом случае обработка вашего запроса может занять немного больше времени.
Если вы хотите улучшить страницу своей компании, привлечь новых клиентов или просто узнать больше о том, как другие компании используют Foursquare, посетите foursquare.com/business. Дополнительную информацию об инструментах Foursquare для компаний можно найти в разделе "Часто задаваемые вопросы: компании".
Мы ищем умных, творческих специалистов, готовых решать сложнейшие задачи из области разработки социально-ориентированных мобильных приложений с применением гео-локации. Открытые позиции нашей компании размещены на странице "Вакансии".
По вопросам партнерства обращайтесь в отдел развития бизнеса: partners@foursquare.com
Пожалуйста, отправляйте пресс-запросы и приглашения по участию в мероприятиях в нашу службу коммуникации по адресу press@foursquare.com. Foursquare HQ 568 Broadway, 10th Floor New York, NY 10012
Мы используем самые современные технологии, чтобы вам было максимально удобно работать с нашим сайтом. Чтобы продолжить, включите JavaScript в настройках своего браузера.
Скачайте Foursquare для своего смартфона и начните исследовать мир вокруг!


--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/about/contact
Foursquare와 Swarm에 관한 최신 정보를 알고 싶으시다면 공식 블로그를 참고해 주시기 바랍니다. 지원 관련 문의 및 취재 요청 사항이 있으시거나 Foursquare의 팀원으로 합류하고 싶으시다면 저희에게 연락하시기 바랍니다.
질문이 있거나 Foursquare 사용에 문제가 있으신가요? 지금 당장 답을 찾고 있다면 support.foursquare.com을 확인해 보세요. 모든 문제에 대해 해결책을 공유하고 있습니다. 거기에서 답을 찾지 못하는 경우 해당 페이지로 질문을 제출하거나 @4sqSupport로 트윗을 보낼 수 있지만 응답을 받기까지 시간이 좀 걸립니다.
비즈니스 목록을 강화하거나 새로운 고객을 유치하기 위한 방법을 찾고 있거나 다른 기업이 Foursqure를 이떻게 이용했는지 알고 싶다면 foursquare.com/business를 확인하세요. Foursquare의 가맹점 도구에 대한 질문은 비즈니스 FAQ를 참고하세요.
저희는 항상 로컬, 모바일, 소셜 공간에서 가장 복잡한 문제에 열정적으로 도전하는 현명하고 창의적인 사람들을 찾고 있습니다. 당사의 채용 정보를 확인하세요.
제휴 문의는 당사의 사업 개발 팀(partners@foursquare.com)으로 문의하십시오.
취재 요청 및 말하기 이벤트의 경우, 당사 커뮤니케이션 팀 press@foursquare.com으로 문의하세요. Foursquare HQ 568 Broadway, 10th Floor New York, NY 10012
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/about/
Foursquare 안의 세계는 놀라운 경험으로 가득차 있을 것입니다. 당사에서는 그 놀라운 세계로 여러분을 안내할 두 가지 앱을 개발했는데, 그것은 바로 Foursquare와 Swarm입니다.
각자 취향이 다른데 왜 검색 결과는 똑같아야 할까요? 새로워진 Foursquare는 귀하의 취향을 파악하고 좋아할 만한 장소를 추천해 드립니다. 취향, 유사한 장소에 대한 평가, 그리고 가장 신뢰하는 친구와 전문가를 바탕으로 제공되는 최고의 추천 항목을 받아보세요. 귀하가 어디에 있든지 최고의 장소를 찾을 수 있도록 지역 검색 기능을 재정비하였습니다.
Foursquare는 2009년 친구들과 함께 체크인 및 실시간 위치 공유할 수 있는 기능을 출시했습니다. 5년 후, 당사는 체크인 자체 앱을 개발하기로 결정했습니다. Swarm은 친구들과 계속해서 빠르고 쉽게 연락하며 만날 수 있게 도와주는 앱입니다.
당사는 Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft 등 소수의 엔젤 투자자(Angel Investor)로부터 자금을 지원받아 자랑스럽습니다.
커뮤니티: 전 세계 5천 5백만 명 이상, 60억 건 이상의 체크인 보유, 매일 수백만 건 이상의 체크인 기록
비즈니스: 190만 개 이상의 기업이 고객과의 연결을 위해 위치 정보를 요청했습니다.
직원: 뉴욕 본사, 샌프란시스코의 사무소 및 멋진 런던 지사에 170명 이상 근무
사용자들에게 최상의 웹 경험을 제공하기 위해 저희는 현존하는 최고의 최신 기술을 사용합니다. 계속하려면 브라우저 설정에서 JavaScript를 활성화하십시오.
스마트폰에 Foursquare를 다운로드 하셔서 주변 탐색을 시작하세요!

--URL: https://th.foursquare.com/about/
ที่ Foursquare เราเชื่อว่าโลกใบนี้เต็มไปด้วยประสบการณ์น่าทึ่ง เราสร้างแอพ 2 แอพขึ้นมา Foursquare และ Swarm เพื่อพาคุณไปสัมผัสประสบการณ์ดังกล่าว
รสนิยมของแต่ละคนต่างกันไป แล้วทำไมผลการค้นหาที่เราได้รับต้องเหมือนด้วย Foursquare จะเรียนรู้ว่าคุณชอบอะไรและจะพาคุณไปยังสถานที่ที่คุณจะต้องถูกใจ หาคำแนะนำดีๆ ตามรสนิยมของคุณ คะแนนสถานที่ที่คุณให้คล้ายกัน และเพื่อนและผู้เชี่ยวชาญที่คุณไว้ใจที่สุด เราได้สร้างการค้นหาในท้องถิ่นขึ้นมาใหม่เพื่อช่วยคุณหาสถานที่ที่น่าไป ไม่ว่าคุณจะอยู่ที่ไหนก็ตาม
ในปี 2009 Foursquare ได้เปิดตัวการแบ่งปันเช็คอินและตำแหน่งที่ตั้งแบบตามเวลาจริงกับเพื่อน 5 ปีหลังจากนั้น เราได้ตัดสินใจให้เช็คอินมีแอพเป็นของตัวเอง Swarm เป็นวิธีที่เร็วและง่ายที่สุดในการติดตามข่าวสารและพบปะกับเพื่อนของคุณ
เราภูมิใจที่ได้รับเงินสนับสนุนจาก Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft และนักลงทุนใจบุญอีกหลายราย
ชุมชน: ผู้คนกว่า 55 ล้านคนทั่วโลกที่ได้เช็คอินมากกว่า 6 พันล้านครั้ง และจะเพิ่มขึ้นอีกหลายล้านทุกวัน
ธุรกิจ: ธุรกิจมากกว่า 1.9 ล้านแห่งได้อ้างสิทธิ์ตำแหน่งที่ตั้งของตนเพื่อเชื่อมต่อกับลูกค้า
พนักงาน: มีพนักงานกว่า 170 คนที่สำนักงานใหญ่ๆ ในนิวยอร์ก สำนักงานในซานฟรานซิสโก รวมทั้งที่ลอนดอน
เราใช้เทคโนโลยียอดเยี่ยมล่าสุดที่มีในขณะนี้เพื่อมอบประสบการณ์การท่องเว็บแบบสนุกที่สุดให้แก่คุณ โปรดเปิดใช้งาน JavaScript ในการตั้งค่าเบราเซอร์ของคุณเพื่อดำเนินการต่อ
ดาวน์โหลด Foursquare สำหรับสมาร์ทโฟนของคุณและเริ่มต้นสำรวจโลกรอบๆ ตัวคุณ!

--URL: https://ja.foursquare.com/about/
世界は驚くべき体験にあふれている、とFoursquareは信じています。二つのアプリ、FoursquareとSwarmで、その体験をあなたのもとにお届けします。
一人一人の好みは違うのですから、それぞれの検索結果は同じでなくてよいのでは？Foursquareは、あなたの好みを学習し、あなたがきっと気に入るスポットへお連れします。あなたの好み、類似スポットへの評価、友達や最も信頼するエキスパートのおすすめなどを基にした、耳寄りなおすすめ情報を発見できます。あなたがどこにいても、最適なスポットを見つけることができるよう、ローカル検索を再開発しました。
2009年にFoursquareはチェックインと友達とのリアルタイム位置情報共有を開始しました。それから５年、このたび私たちはチェックイン機能専門のアプリを作成しました。Swarmは、素早く、簡単に友達の最新情報を集めたり、待ち合わせしたりできるアプリです。
当社はユニオン・スクエア・ベンチャーズ（Union Square Ventures）、オライリー・アルファテック・ベンチャーズ（O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures）、アンドリーセン・ホロヴィッツ（Andreessen Horowitz）、スパーク・キャピタル（Spark Capital）、DFJ・グロウス（DFJ Growth）、SMALLCAP ワールドファンド（SMALLCAP World Fund）、シルバー・レイク・ウォーターマン、（Silver Lake Waterman）、マイクロソフト（Microsoft）、その他数名のエンジェル投資家の皆様に出資していただいております。
コミュニティ：全世界の5,500万人以上が利用中。チェックイン総数は60億以上で、毎日何百万人もの人々がチェックインしています。
ビジネス：190万件以上のビジネスがスポット登録してお客様とつながっています。
従業員数 ： ニューヨーク本社とサンフランシスコ支社、それにロンドンにある素敵な駐在所で170人以上が働いています。
最高のウェブ体験を提供するために、最新で最高のテクノロジーを使っています。 ブラウザの設定で JavaScript を有効にして継続してください。
手持ちのスマートフォン用に Foursquareをダウンロード して、あなたの周りの世界を探索しよう！

--URL: https://fr.foursquare.com/about/
Chez Foursquare, nous pensons que le monde est rempli d'innombrables expériences formidables. Nous avons conçu deux applications pour vous guider vers elles : Foursquare et Swarm.
Chacun a des goûts différents, alors pourquoi devrions-nous obtenir les mêmes résultats de recherche ? Foursquare mémorise tes coups de cœur et t'emmène dans des lieux susceptibles de t'intéresser. Trouve de super recommandations basées sur tes goûts, tes évaluations de lieux similaires, et les amis et experts en qui tu as le plus confiance. Nous avons réinventé la recherche de proximité pour t'aider à trouver l'endroit idéal, où que tu sois.
En 2009, Foursquare a lancé le partage de check-ins et de localisation en temps réel avec des amis. Cinq années plus tard, nous avons décidé de créer une application entièrement dédiée à la publication de check-ins. Swarm est le moyen le plus facile et le plus rapide de rester en contact avec ses amis et de les rencontrer.
Nous sommes ravis d'être financés par des entreprises telles que Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft et quelques investisseurs providentiels.
Communauté : plus de 55 millions de membres à travers le monde, qui ont publié plus de 6 milliards de check-ins, et continuent de publier des millions de check-ins chaque jour.
Entreprises : plus de 1,9 million d'entreprises ont revendiqué leur localisation pour créer un lien avec leurs clients.
Employés : plus de 170 entre notre siège de New York, notre bureau de San Francisco et un charmant avant-poste à Londres.
Nous utilisons les meilleures technologies de pointe disponibles pour offrir à nos utilisateurs une expérience Web optimale. Il est recommandé d'activer JavaScript dans les paramètres du navigateur pour continuer.
Télécharge Foursquare pour ton smartphone et commence à explorer le monde qui t'entoure !

--URL: https://es.foursquare.com/about/
En Foursquare creemos que el mundo está lleno de experiencias increíbles. Nosotros te proporcionamos dos aplicaciones que te ayudan a descubrirlas: Foursquare y Swarm.
Los gustos de cada persona son diferentes, entonces ¿por qué deberíamos obtener los mismos resultados de búsqueda? Foursquare aprende lo que te gusta y te lleva a lugares que te encantarán. Descubre buenas recomendaciones basadas en tus gustos, tus calificaciones de lugares similares y las de amigos y expertos de tu mayor confianza. Hemos reinventado la búsqueda local para ayudarte a encontrar el lugar ideal, donde quiera que estés.
En el 2009, Foursquare lanzó la función de compartir los check-ins y la ubicación en tiempo real con los amigos. Cinco años más tarde, decidimos que los check-ins tuvieran su propia aplicación. Swarm es la manera más rápida y fácil de mantenerte en contacto y reunirte con amigos.
Nos enorgullece que nos financien Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft y algunos inversores ángeles.
Comunidad: más de 55 millones de personas en todo el mundo, que han hecho más de 6 mil millones de check-ins, con millones más todos los días.
Negocios: más de 1,9 millones de negocios han reclamado sus lugares para conectarse con sus clientes.
Empleados: más de 170 entre la sede de Nueva York, una oficina en San Francisco y un hermoso espacio en Londres.
Usamos la mejor y más avanzada tecnología disponible para ofrecer la mejor experiencia web posible. Por favor, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar.
Descarga Foursquare en tu teléfono inteligente y empieza a explorar el mundo que te rodea!

--URL: https://de.foursquare.com/about/
Wir bei Foursquare glauben, dass die Welt voller neuer Erlebnisse steckt. Wir haben zwei Apps entwickelt, die dir dabei helfen, diese tollen Sachen auch zu finden: Foursquare und Swarm.
Jeder mag etwas anderes. Weshalb sollten wir also die gleichen Suchergebnisse erhalten? Foursquare merkt sich, was dir gefällt, und zeigt dir so Orte, die zu deinen Vorlieben passen. Erhalte fantastische Empfehlungen auf Basis deiner Vorlieben, deiner Bewertungen für ähnliche Orte und den Vorlieben deiner Freunde und Experten, denen du am meisten vertraust. Wir haben die lokale Suche neu entwickelt, damit du überall den perfekten Ort findest.
Im Jahr 2009 startete Foursquare mit Check-ins und der Möglichkeit, seinen aktuellen Standort mit Freunden zu teilen. Fünf Jahre später gibt es nun eine eigene App für die Check-ins. Swarm ist die schnellste und einfachste Art, in Bezug auf die Aktivitäten deiner Freunde auf dem Laufenden zu bleiben und dich mit ihnen zu treffen.
Wir sind stolz, dass uns Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft und eine Handvoll Business Angels finanziell unterstützen.
Community: Mehr als 55 Millionen Menschen weltweit mit über 6 Milliarden Check-ins. Und täglich kommen Millionen neue Check-ins dazu.
Unternehmen: Mehr als 1,9 Mio. Unternehmen haben ihre Venues schon in Besitz genommen, um sich mit ihren Kunden zu verbinden.
Mitarbeiter: Über 170; verteilt auf unseren Hauptsitz in New York, unser Büro in San Francisco und eine nette Außenstelle in London.
Wir verwenden die neuesten und tollsten Technologien, die es gibt, um Dir das bestmögliche Website-Erlebnis zu bieten. Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in den Einstellungen Deines Webbrowsers, um fortzufahren.
Foursquare herunterladen für dein Smartphone und die Welt um dich herum entdecken!


--URL: https://it.foursquare.com/about/
A Foursquare crediamo che il mondo sia pieno di esperienze incredibili. Creiamo due applicazioni per indirizzarti a loro: Foursquare e Swarm.
Tutti i gusti sono diversi e allora perché dovremmo ottenere gli stessi risultati dalla ricerca? Foursquare impara cosa ti piace e ti conduce in posti che amerai. Trova ottimi consigli in base ai tuoi gusti, le tue valutazioni per posti simili, gli amici e gli esperti di cui ti fidi di più. Abbiamo reinventato la ricerca locale, per aiutarti a trovare il posto perfetto, ovunque tu sia.
Nel 2009, Foursquare ha lanciato il check-in e la condivisione della posizione in tempo reale con gli amici. Cinque anni dopo, abbiamo deciso di dare al check-in la sua propria app. Swarm è il modo più veloce e facile per tenersi in contatto e incontrare gli amici.
Siamo fieri di essere finanziati da Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Found, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft e alcuni angel investor.
Comunità: oltre 55 milioni di persone in tutto il mondo, che hanno effettuato oltre 6 miliardi di check-in, altri milioni ogni giorno.
Aziende: oltre 1,9 milioni di imprese hanno dichiarato le loro posizioni per connettersi con i propri clienti.
Dipendenti: oltre 170 tra la sede centrale a New York, un ufficio a San Francisco e uno splendido avamposto a Londra.
Usiamo la tecnologia più recente e più avanzata disponibile per fornire la miglior esperienza web possibile. Per continuare, abilita JavaScript nelle impostazioni del tuo browser.
Scarica Foursquare per il tuo smartphone e inizia a esplorare il mondo intorno a te!

--URL: https://foursquare.com/about/
At Foursquare we believe the world is full of amazing experiences. We make two apps to help guide you to them: Foursquare and Swarm.
Everyone’s tastes are different so why should we get the same search results? Foursquare learns what you like and leads you to places you’ll love. Find great recommendations based on your tastes, your ratings for similar places, and the friends and experts you trust most. We’ve reinvented local search, to help you find the perfect place, wherever you are.
In 2009, Foursquare launched the check-in and real-time location sharing with friends. Five years later, we decided to give the check-in its own app. Swarm is the fastest and easiest way to keep up and meet up with friends.
We're proud to be funded by Union Square Ventures, O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Spark Capital, DFJ Growth, SMALLCAP World Fund, Silver Lake Waterman, Microsoft, and and a handful of angel investors.
Community: More than 55 million people worldwide, who have checked in over 6 billion Check-ins, with millions more every day.
Businesses: More than 1.9 million businesses have claimed their locations to connect with their customers.
Employees: More than 170 between headquarters in New York, an office in San Francisco, and a lovely outpost in London.
We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.
Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

--URL: https://ko.foursquare.com/business/
Ready to claim your listing? Get started now.
Ready to claim your listing? Get started now.

Over 50 million people use Foursquare to discover great businesses and share what they love about them with others. Join the nearly 2 million businesses who are already taking advantage of Foursquare to join the conversation and grow their business. Learn more.

Ready to claim your listing? Get started now.


Check out our Support Center for answers to frequently asked questions or to get in touch with our friendly support team. Note: support is only available in English at this time.


Or, learn more about the work we do with national brands

Foursquare © 2014 Lovingly made in NYC & SF

--URL: http://business.foursquare.com/partners

The Foursquare Directory of Partners is a resource for businesses who want to manage their social media across many social channels at once. Foursquare has worked closely with these companies to ensure their platform is effectively integrated with our merchant tools.



Check out our Support Center for answers to frequently asked questions or to get in touch with our friendly support team. Note: support is only available in English at this time.


Or, learn more about the work we do with national brands

Foursquare © 2014 Lovingly made in NYC & SF

--URL: https://docs.google.com/a/foursquare.com/forms/d/1Kfn8U5lJuovCA0_zHuXTpaftDm-6bBXhkNiWMjvyxfk/viewform

--URL: http://www.google.com/google-d-s/terms.html
Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Read our Privacy Policy
Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
Read our Terms of Service
We’re committed to protecting your privacy, improving your security, and building simple tools to give you choice and control.
Protect your Google Account with something you know (your password) and something you have (your phone). Find out how to set up 2-step verification.
See the services and information associated with your Google Account, and change your security and privacy settings. Visit Google Account settings.
Learn how to browse incognito in Google Chrome, so pages you open and files you download aren’t recorded in Chrome’s browsing or download history. Find out how to access incognito mode.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.
As you use Gmail, Search, YouTube, and other products from Google, you have the power to control and protect your personal information and usage history. The Google Product Privacy Guide can help you find information about how to manage some of the privacy features built into Google's products.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: http://accounts.google.com/

Create an account
One Google Account for everything Google

--URL: http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS
Last modified: April 14, 2014 (view archived versions)
Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.
Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.
Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.
You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
Open source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.
We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.
We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE, AND GOOGLE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).
IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.
We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.
These terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.
If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).
If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/archive/
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.

--URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/archive/20070416/
This is an archived version of our Terms of Service. View the current version or all past versions.
Welcome to Google!
1. Your relationship with Google
1.1 Your use of Google’s products, software, services and web sites (referred to collectively as the “Services” in this document and excluding any services provided to you by Google under a separate written agreement) is subject to the terms of a legal agreement between you and Google. “Google” means Google Inc., whose principal place of business is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. This document explains how the agreement is made up, and sets out some of the terms of that agreement.
1.2 Unless otherwise agreed in writing with Google, your agreement with Google will always include, at a minimum, the terms and conditions set out in this document. These are referred to below as the “Universal Terms”.
1.3 Your agreement with Google will also include the terms of any Legal Notices applicable to the Services, in addition to the Universal Terms. All of these are referred to below as the “Additional Terms”. Where Additional Terms apply to a Service, these will be accessible for you to read either within, or through your use of, that Service.
1.4 The Universal Terms, together with the Additional Terms, form a legally binding agreement between you and Google in relation to your use of the Services. It is important that you take the time to read them carefully. Collectively, this legal agreement is referred to below as the “Terms”.
1.5 If there is any contradiction between what the Additional Terms say and what the Universal Terms say, then the Additional Terms shall take precedence in relation to that Service.
2. Accepting the Terms
2.1 In order to use the Services, you must first agree to the Terms. You may not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms.
2.2 You can accept the Terms by:
(A) clicking to accept or agree to the Terms, where this option is made available to you by Google in the user interface for any Service; or
(B) by actually using the Services. In this case, you understand and agree that Google will treat your use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
2.3 You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Google, or (b) you are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
2.4 Before you continue, you should print off or save a local copy of the Universal Terms for your records.
3. Language of the Terms
3.1 Where Google has provided you with a translation of the English language version of the Terms, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Google.
3.2 If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of the Terms says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall take precedence.
4. Provision of the Services by Google
4.1 Google has subsidiaries and affiliated legal entities around the world (“Subsidiaries and Affiliates”). Sometimes, these companies will be providing the Services to you on behalf of Google itself. You acknowledge and agree that Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be entitled to provide the Services to you.
4.2 Google is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services which Google provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you.
4.3 As part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally at Google’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. You may stop using the Services at any time. You do not need to specifically inform Google when you stop using the Services.
4.4 You acknowledge and agree that if Google disables access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Services, your account details or any files or other content which is contained in your account.
4.5 You acknowledge and agree that while Google may not currently have set a fixed upper limit on the number of transmissions you may send or receive through the Services or on the amount of storage space used for the provision of any Service, such fixed upper limits may be set by Google at any time, at Google’s discretion.
5. Use of the Services by you
5.1 In order to access certain Services, you may be required to provide information about yourself (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for the Service, or as part of your continued use of the Services. You agree that any registration information you give to Google will always be accurate, correct and up to date.
5.2 You agree to use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by (a) the Terms and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the United States or other relevant countries).
5.3 You agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Google, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Google. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Services through any automated means (including use of scripts or web crawlers) and shall ensure that you comply with the instructions set out in any robots.txt file present on the Services.
5.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Services (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Services).
5.5 Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with Google, you agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for any purpose.
5.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which Google may suffer) of any such breach.
6. Your passwords and account security
6.1 You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you use to access the Services.
6.2 Accordingly, you agree that you will be solely responsible to Google for all activities that occur under your account.
6.3 If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account, you agree to notify Google immediately at http://www.google.com/support/accounts/bin/answer.py?answer=58585.
7. Privacy and your personal information
7.1 For information about Google’s data protection practices, please read Google’s privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html. This policy explains how Google treats your personal information, and protects your privacy, when you use the Services.
7.2 You agree to the use of your data in accordance with Google’s privacy policies.
8. Content in the Services
8.1 You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds, photographs, videos or other images) which you may have access to as part of, or through your use of, the Services are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. All such information is referred to below as the “Content”.
8.2 You should be aware that Content presented to you as part of the Services, including but not limited to advertisements in the Services and sponsored Content within the Services may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by the sponsors or advertisers who provide that Content to Google (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by Google or by the owners of that Content, in a separate agreement.
8.3 Google reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to pre-screen, review, flag, filter, modify, refuse or remove any or all Content from any Service. For some of the Services, Google may provide tools to filter out explicit sexual content. These tools include the SafeSearch preference settings (see http://www.google.com/help/customize.html#safe). In addition, there are commercially available services and software to limit access to material that you may find objectionable.
8.4 You understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, you use the Services at your own risk.
8.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any Content that you create, transmit or display while using the Services and for the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which Google may suffer) by doing so.
9. Proprietary rights
9.1 You acknowledge and agree that Google (or Google’s licensors) own all legal right, title and interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in the Services (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). You further acknowledge that the Services may contain information which is designated confidential by Google and that you shall not disclose such information without Google’s prior written consent.
9.2 Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with Google, nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use any of Google’s trade names, trade marks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
9.3 If you have been given an explicit right to use any of these brand features in a separate written agreement with Google, then you agree that your use of such features shall be in compliance with that agreement, any applicable provisions of the Terms, and Google's brand feature use guidelines as updated from time to time. These guidelines can be viewed online at http://www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html (or such other URL as Google may provide for this purpose from time to time).
9.4 Other than the limited license set forth in Section 11, Google acknowledges and agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under these Terms in or to any Content that you submit, post, transmit or display on, or through, the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in that Content (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with Google, you agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that Google has no obligation to do so on your behalf.
9.5 You agree that you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trade mark notices) which may be affixed to or contained within the Services.
9.6 Unless you have been expressly authorized to do so in writing by Google, you agree that in using the Services, you will not use any trade mark, service mark, trade name, logo of any company or organization in a way that is likely or intended to cause confusion about the owner or authorized user of such marks, names or logos.
10. License from Google
10.1 Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services as provided to you by Google (referred to as the “Software” below). This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by the Terms.
10.2 You may not (and you may not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Software or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by Google, in writing.
10.3 Unless Google has given you specific written permission to do so, you may not assign (or grant a sub-license of) your rights to use the Software, grant a security interest in or over your rights to use the Software, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Software.
11. Content license from you
11.1 You retain copyright and any other rights you already hold in Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services. By submitting, posting or displaying the content you give Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling Google to display, distribute and promote the Services and may be revoked for certain Services as defined in the Additional Terms of those Services.
11.2 You agree that this license includes a right for Google to make such Content available to other companies, organizations or individuals with whom Google has relationships for the provision of syndicated services, and to use such Content in connection with the provision of those services.
11.3 You understand that Google, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users, may (a) transmit or distribute your Content over various public networks and in various media; and (b) make such changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. You agree that this license shall permit Google to take these actions.
11.4 You confirm and warrant to Google that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the above license.
12. Software updates
12.1 The Software which you use may automatically download and install updates from time to time from Google. These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit Google to deliver these to you) as part of your use of the Services.
13. Ending your relationship with Google
13.1 The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Google as set out below.
13.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with Google, you may do so by (a) notifying Google at any time and (b) closing your accounts for all of the Services which you use, where Google has made this option available to you. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Google’s address which is set out at the beginning of these Terms.
13.3 Google may at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you if:
(A) you have breached any provision of the Terms (or have acted in manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of the Terms); or
(B) Google is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Services to you is, or becomes, unlawful); or
(C) the partner with whom Google offered the Services to you has terminated its relationship with Google or ceased to offer the Services to you; or
(D) Google is transitioning to no longer providing the Services to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service; or
(E) the provision of the Services to you by Google is, in Google’s opinion, no longer commercially viable.
13.4 Nothing in this Section shall affect Google’s rights regarding provision of Services under Section 4 of the Terms.
13.5 When these Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Google have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 20.7 shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
14. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
14.1 NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING SECTIONS 14 AND 15, SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT GOOGLE’S WARRANTY OR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
14.2 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE.”
14.3 IN PARTICULAR, GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
(A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
(B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR,
(C) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, AND
(D) THAT DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
14.4 ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
14.5 NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM GOOGLE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
14.6 GOOGLE FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
15.1 SUBJECT TO OVERALL PROVISION IN PARAGRAPH 14.1 ABOVE, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
(A) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.. THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS;
(B) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESULT OF:
(I) ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICES;
(II) ANY CHANGES WHICH GOOGLE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
(III) THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
(III) YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE GOOGLE WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
(IV) YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL;
15.2 THE LIMITATIONS ON GOOGLE’S LIABILITY TO YOU IN PARAGRAPH 15.1 ABOVE SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT GOOGLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
16. Copyright and trade mark policies
16.1 It is Google’s policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable international intellectual property law (including, in the United States, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act) and to terminating the accounts of repeat infringers. Details of Google’s policy can be found at http://www.google.com/dmca.html.
16.2 Google operates a trade mark complaints procedure in respect of Google’s advertising business, details of which can be found at http://www.google.com/tm_complaint.html.
17. Advertisements
17.1 Some of the Services are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. These advertisements may be targeted to the content of information stored on the Services, queries made through the Services or other information.
17.2 The manner, mode and extent of advertising by Google on the Services are subject to change without specific notice to you.
17.3 In consideration for Google granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Google may place such advertising on the Services.
18. Other content
18.1 The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources. Google may have no control over any web sites or resources which are provided by companies or persons other than Google.
18.2 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources.
18.3 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such web sites or resources.
19. Changes to the Terms
19.1 Google may make changes to the Universal Terms or Additional Terms from time to time. When these changes are made, Google will make a new copy of the Universal Terms available at http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS?hl=en and any new Additional Terms will be made available to you from within, or through, the affected Services.
19.2 You understand and agree that if you use the Services after the date on which the Universal Terms or Additional Terms have changed, Google will treat your use as acceptance of the updated Universal Terms or Additional Terms.
20. General legal terms
20.1 Sometimes when you use the Services, you may (as a result of, or through your use of the Services) use a service or download a piece of software, or purchase goods, which are provided by another person or company. Your use of these other services, software or goods may be subject to separate terms between you and the company or person concerned. If so, the Terms do not affect your legal relationship with these other companies or individuals.
20.2 The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Google and govern your use of the Services (but excluding any services which Google may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replace any prior agreements between you and Google in relation to the Services.
20.3 You agree that Google may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Services.
20.4 You agree that if Google does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which Google has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Google’s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Google.
20.5 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms. The remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
20.6 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Google is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms.
20.7 The Terms, and your relationship with Google under the Terms, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and Google agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California to resolve any legal matter arising from the Terms. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
April 16, 2007
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.google.com/tm_complaint.html
Help for advertisers | Help for trademark owners
If a trademark owner files a complaint with Google about the use of their trademark in AdWords ads, Google will investigate and may enforce certain restrictions on the use of that trademark in AdWords text ads. More help for trademark owners
There are multiple factors that determine when trademarks can be used in AdWords text ads. Along with the factors described below, these policies apply only to trademarked terms where the owner submitted a valid complaint to Google and requested that the terms be restricted in Google ad campaigns.
Google will investigate and may restrict the use of a trademark within ad text. Ads using restricted trademarks in their ad text may not be allowed to run. This policy applies worldwide.
Exceptions: Here are some cases when the policy for ad text doesn't apply in the way described above:
The following ads will not comply with the policy:
This policy applies only to ads in campaigns targeting Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, or Ireland showing either on google.com.au, google.co.nz, google.com, google.co.uk, google.ie, google.ca, or on the Google Display Network.
For more details, see some common questions about our policy on resellers and informational sites.
A trademark owner (or contact person listed on the trademark complaint) can provide Google with authorization to let specific AdWords accounts use the trademark in ad campaigns. Here are some important things to know about authorizations:
Any AdWords advertiser wanting to use a trademark after a complaint was filed must be authorized, including the trademark owner themselves, official affiliates and partners, regional branches, franchisees, and subsidiaries. Trademark owners can authorize advertisers (including themselves if they have an AdWords account) in their complaint form or in a separate authorization form.
Authorization is given to individual AdWords accounts, so the trademark owner must submit the customer ID of each AdWords account they want to authorize. Any My Client Center (MCC) accounts will automatically have authorization extended to all current and future sub-accounts that they contain.
For advertisers: Please contact the trademark owner directly and ask that they fill out the form mentioned below to authorize your account. If you don't know who to contact, request contact information and we'll help you find the trademark's owner. Google cannot arrange the authorization for you.
For trademark owners: Use this authorization form to request authorization for an AdWords account.
EU and EFTA policy For ad campaigns targeting the European Union and EFTA regions, the ad text policy above applies.  Therefore, we do not prevent the selection of trademarks as keywords in the EU and EFTA. However, in response to a complaint, we will do a limited investigation as to whether a keyword (in combination with particular ad text) is confusing as to the origin of the advertised goods and services.
In response to a complaint, we will do a limited investigation to see whether the use of a trademarked term as a keyword in combination with particular ad text is confusing as to the origin of the advertised goods and services (such as a keyword and ad that falsely imply affiliation with the trademark owner). If the combination of a keyword and ad text is confusing, we will disapprove the specific ad mentioned in the complaint so that it can't run.
Under our EU and EFTA policy, the following types of ads may use a trademark as a keyword, provided that the combination of the keyword and ad is not confusing (as described above). The following are examples, and not an exhaustive list:
Google will not investigate or restrict the use of trademark terms in keywords, even if a trademark complaint is received.
The trademark policies described here apply only to the use of trademarks in Google AdWords text ads. If your complaint relates to another Google product, please use the appropriate complaint form.
See information about our policy on the use of trademarks in these areas:
As described in the section above, Google can investigate and may restrict the use of trademarks in ad text. This process does not apply to trademarks used in an ad's display URL (the website address shown in green within an ad).
Google will not investigate and restrict use of the trademark in display URLs because the presence of trademarked term within a URL may not necessarily constitute trademark use, such as in the case of post-domain paths or subdomains. Trademark owners can contact the advertiser directly regarding any concerns about display URLs. Please understand that Google is not in a position to be the arbiter of third-party disputes. Additionally, if the domain name contains or is similar to a trademark, but is actually owned by the advertiser, the trademark owner is the appropriate party to handle the matter, such as through the Uniform Domain Resolution Process (UDRP).
The trademark policies described here apply only to the use of trademarks in Google AdWords text ads. These ads are clearly marked as "Ads" on Google search results pages and as "Ads by Google" on our Display Network. Other types of trademark complaints, like trademarks used in sites that appear in Google search results, are not covered under our investigation process. For any such concerns, please see how to contact the site owner directly.
To report inappropriate use of Google's Trademarks, please use this form. We appreciate it!

You're viewing our Advertising Policies. For general AdWords support, visit the AdWords Help Center.

--URL: https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/topic/6021648
Our policy: In order to help you provide a quality user experience and deliver attractive, professional looking ads, Google has developed technical specifications for our ad units. We only allow promotions that comply with these technical specifications, so please review the technical requirements for all ad formats that you're using.

--URL: https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/188484
Welcome to the Google Shopping Policy Center.
Here you'll find all of the guidelines to submit your products to Google Shopping. To help you set up compliant product data feeds, we structured our policies into the following policy principles:
You can also find the policies for Merchant Promotions here, the policies for Local Product Listing Ads here, and the policies for Product Ratings here.
For past and upcoming policy changes, please see the Shopping Policy Change Log.
The following articles may help you resolve your issue right away. If the articles don't address your issue, try the contact options below. You can quickly return to this page after visiting an article.
Still need help? To contact the support team, click below.
Oops! Looks like something went wrong. Please try again. If you still get an error, please try again in a day or two. We're on it.

--URL: https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/160173
Please review the appropriate Google Merchant Center Terms of Service based on the region which you reside.
The following articles may help you resolve your issue right away. If the articles don't address your issue, try the contact options below. You can quickly return to this page after visiting an article.
Still need help? To contact the support team, click below.
Oops! Looks like something went wrong. Please try again. If you still get an error, please try again in a day or two. We're on it.

--URL: https://www.google.com/merchants/tos/extend/US/tos.html
Last modified: March 29, 2012 (view prior version)
By using Merchant Center, you agree to be bound by our Google Terms of Service, Google's general Privacy Policy, as well as these additional terms and conditions:
1. Product Policies; Use of Merchant Center Account
Your use of Merchant Center is subject to our product policies at http://www.google.com/merchants/policies.html. You are responsible for all activity relating to your Merchant Center account, including any use of your account password and any content submitted to Merchant Center through your account.
2. Submitting Content; Google’s Access of URLs That You Submit; Optional Features
You may submit content to Merchant Center using various means, including through Google APIs. You agree to submit content in a manner that complies with any instructions or specifications provided by Google. You may not provide any data in a manner that violates applicable law or any applicable privacy policies. Except with Google’s prior written permission, you may not (and will not assist or knowingly permit any third party to) pass information to Google that could be used or recognized as personally identifiable information.
If the content you submit contains URLs or similar content, you grant Google the right to access, index, cache or crawl the URL(s) and the content available available through such URL(s), or any portion thereof. For example, Google may utilize an automated software program to retrieve and analyze the websites associated with such URL(s).
There may be certain features of Merchant Center that are optional. If you choose to use such features, then you may be required to agree to separate terms that are specific to those features. For example, if you use Merchant Center in connection with Google advertising products, then you also agree to any terms applicable to those advertising products.
3. Third-Party Content
If you operate a service that enables third parties to provide content to Merchant Center, your service must clearly and conspicuously disclose to such third parties that their content will be provided to Google and may be made available to the general public. Also, if your application or site enables third parties to provide content to Merchant Center, it must use one of the user authentication methods set forth in the documentation made available by Google specifically for such purpose.
4. Your Trademarks
By using Merchant Center, you authorize Google to use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, proprietary logos, domain names and any other source or business identifiers in connection with Google's authorized use of the content that you submit through Merchant Center.


--URL: https://www.google.com/merchants/tos/extend/GB/tos.html
Last modified: March 29, 2012 (view prior version)
By using Merchant Center, you agree to be bound by our Google Terms of Service, Google's general Privacy Policy, as well as these additional terms and conditions:
1. Product Policies; Use of Merchant Center Account
Your use of Merchant Center is subject our product policies at http://www.google.co.uk/merchants/policies.html. You are responsible for all activity relating to your Merchant Center account, including any use of your account password and any content submitted to Merchant Center through your account.
2. Submitting Content; Google's Access of URLs That You Submit; Optional Features
You may submit content to Merchant Center by various means, including through Google APIs. You agree to submit content in a manner that complies with any instructions or specifications provided by Google. You may not provide any data in a manner that violates applicable law or any applicable privacy policies. Except with Google's prior written permission, you may not (and will not assist or knowingly permit any third party to) pass information to Google that could be used or recognised as personally identifiable information.
If the content that you submit contains URLs or similar content, you grant Google the right to access, index, cache or crawl the URL(s) and the content available through such URL(s) or any portion thereof. For example, Google may utilise an automated software programme to retrieve and analyse the websites associated with such URL(s).
There may be certain features of Merchant Center that are optional. If you choose to use such features, then you may be required to agree to separate terms that are specific to those features. For example, if you use Merchant Center in connection with Google advertising products, then you also agree to any terms applicable to those advertising products.
3. Third-Party Content
If you operate a service that enables third parties to provide content to Merchant Center, your service must clearly and conspicuously disclose to such third parties that their content will be provided to Google and may be made available to the general public. Also, if your application or site enables third parties to provide content to Merchant Center, it must use one of the user authentication methods set forth in the documentation made available by Google specifically for such purpose.
4. Your Trademarks
By using Merchant Center, you authorise Google to use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, proprietary logos, domain names and any other source or business identifiers in connection with Google's authorised use of the content that you submit through Merchant Center.

--URL: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Last modified: 25 February 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways that you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions, consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information that you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we receive from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and mobile towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services that we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyse the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information that we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name that you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account, so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices that you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues that you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to provide you our services in your preferred language. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyse your content (including emails) to provide you with personally relevant product features, such as customised search results, tailored advertising and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example, to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so free of charge, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organisations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organisation will have access to your Google Account information (including your emails and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside Google if we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information that we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services and that may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security-related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/about/
Search volume around the world, visualised on the WebGL Globe
Ten things that we know to be true
Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the home page, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
More about our philosophy
Read up on our latest news, browse our blog directory or choose to follow a number of Google+ pages for updates on various products and initiatives.
Learn more
Ever wondered what life at Google looks like or what benefits you might expect as a Googler? Search for a job at Google or check out one of our locations worldwide.
Learn more
Find out about investor news, financial information or corporate governance.
Learn more
Doodles are the fun, surprising and sometimes spontaneous changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries and the lives of famous artists, pioneers and scientists.
View all Doodles

--URL: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/contact/
Having trouble with your Google account, Gmail, Docs or any other Google product?
Browse our help center
Browse popular help forum discussions »
If you know of a safety or abuse problem with any of Google's services, we'd like to hear about it right away.
Please use the options below to find and report the issue.
Easy-to-understand information about our products, policies and privacy principles
View the data associated with your Google account
Good to know – tips and advice for staying more secure on the web
Visit Webmaster Central – the fastest way to get help with increasing traffic to your site, and see your site's crawling, indexing and search traffic data.
Post a question to Webmaster Central forums »
Browse all Webmaster Central posts »
Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043 USA telephone: +1 650 253 0000 fax: +1 650 253 0001
View our other locations
Visit our Careers site for information, or search our current jobs.
For press inquiries and media resources, visit News from Google.

--URL: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/webmasters
Get data, tools and diagnostics for a healthy, Google-friendly site.
Sign in to Webmaster Tools
Understand and improve your site in Google Search. Get started
Videos and articles to help you to get found on Google. Learn more
Fix problems and find answers to your questions. Get help

--URL: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/services/sitemap.html
Find essential products to get online and expand your business.
Learn more
Get your business on Google Search, Maps and Google+ for free.
Learn more
Learn about advertising and how to make money from your site.
Learn more
Online email, calendar and docs let you work with anyone from anywhere.
Learn more
Those customers that you’re looking for are looking for you - on Google. Display your ads on Google and our advertising network, and only pay only if people click your ads.
Make money from your site by showing ads that relate to the content on your website.
Find inspiration and the tools to make magic so that you can help your clients get the most out of Google.
Discover web-based email, calendar and documents that let you work from anywhere.
Google Earth and Maps combine the familiar Google maps with added features designed especially for business users.
With the power of Google search, your business can easily access and share organisational knowledge.
Build your business with Google’s App Engine, Cloud Storage and Prediction API.
Bring the power and performance of Chrome to your business.
Get your business on Google Search, Maps and Google+ for free.
Google+ pages give your brand a home online and let you build relationships with your customers.
Find new customers, feature your products online and install a fast and secure checkout process.
Google Analytics helps you learn about your website so that you can make it more useful for visitors.
Get data about crawling, indexing and search traffic that can help you increase visitors to your site.

--URL: http://www.google.com/submityourcontent/
Increase your visibility by submitting and optimizing your website for Google search, and distributing your content across the web.
Online and local merchants: sell your products, provide details about your physical store locations, and attract customers to your website.
Make your books searchable, and sell titles through our eBook store. Distribute, monetize, and control access to news & video content through Google.
Put your community on the map. Provide location information, transit schedules, 3D models of your communities, and increase your online visibility.
See all content programs
Already have content? Earn revenue from your website and other online content with Google AdSense

--URL: http://www.google.com/submityourcontent/all-programs/
A list of all available content programs at Google.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/t/partnerships_faq
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
The YouTube Partner Program allows creators to monetize content on YouTube through a variety of ways including advertisements, paid subscriptions, and merchandise. In addition to joining the Partner Program, Creators can take advantage of the variety of resources, features, and programs that YouTube provides to help you build your channel(s) and your audience.
As a YouTube Partner, your eligible videos may earn money from relevant ads and/or fees. Other benefits of the Partner Program include:
You can now sign up for the YouTube Partner Program in more than 60 countries. Please ensure that you meet the criteria for YouTube partnership and then follow the steps to become a partner.
YouTube Partners: Guide to setting up your account A guide for new YouTube partners to help you learn about setting up your account

Check out the creator resources available to help you build your channel and connect with the community.

--URL: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/72857
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
Becoming a YouTube partner allows you to monetize your videos on your channel and earn money from the revenue earned.
To check your channel's eligibility and opt in:
You may see a different message if your account is not eligible for monetization.
You may enable eligible videos to earn money from relevant ads after you opt in your channel for monetization. This guide has more information about how you can enable monetization for specific videos. You also need to associate your YouTube and AdSense accounts in order to begin receiving the revenue you've earned from monetizing your videos.
Note: you may have applied for partnership but it's not required anymore unless you live in Turkey, Russia, Italy or Ukraine. For more information, visit youtube.com/yt/creators/creator-benefits.html.
 

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/creators/creator-benefits.html
An overview of YouTube's resources for creators
While you're busy making amazing videos, we're working hard to keep them streaming seamlessly and to grow the collective YouTube audience (we just checked—it's over a billion). Below is a snapshot of some tools and resources to help you through different stages of your creative journey.
The first step is to verify your channel to unlock advanced product features.
Free, unlimited HD uploads
YouTube Analytics
Audience engagement features: comments, subscribers, social features
Custom channel branding
Annotations and InVideo Programming
Creator Academy
Creator Playbook with tips and best practices
Help Center resources
Advanced product features (custom thumbs, series playlists, Associated Websites & Merch Annotations, Live)
Eligible to apply for advanced programs (YouTube Space access and development programs)
Strategic and technical support
Interested in joining a network? Learn more
Through the YouTube Partner Program, you can enable your channel for monetization and your videos can earn revenue from ads on YouTube.
Access to YouTube features—including those described above—always requires good standing and compliance with Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. If you are a YouTube Partner, we also expect you to comply with our Partner Program Policies. The eligibility guidelines above are not guarantees of continued access. YouTube may change the service or how certain features work, and may terminate access to features in its sole discretion. Admission to the YouTube Partner Program varies by country; learn more about which process applies to you or simply get started.
Does your organization have a compelling story to tell? If you’re a nonprofit partner, tell your organization's story through videos on YouTube.

--URL: http://youtube.com/testtube
And if playing 4K videos at 3840x2160 isn't enough to melt your device, try doing it at 60 frames per second. We've combined these two cutting-edge features for a few videos in this playlist. This feature may not work well on every device, but if you've got a powerful rig, try it out!
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/
The Policy and Safety Hub is a central resource for you to learn about YouTube's policies, safety practices, and reporting tools.
To learn more about YouTube's guiding principles, read our Community Guidelines.
Learn more about our policies to get a better understanding of what is and isn't allowed on YouTube.
Check it out
Your safety is important to us. Learn about tools and find resources for staying safe on YouTube.
Learn more
Learn how to report content and see how we enforce our Community Guidelines.
Get started

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/reporting.html
Learn about reporting content on YouTube, the actions our teams take when reviewing content, and what this means for you.
What happens after content is reported to our team for review? The articles below detail our enforcement of the Community Guidelines.
Learn how to flag and find answers to your questions about the flagging process.
We age-restrict content that is not appropriate for younger audiences. Find out what type of content will be age-gated by our review team
Learn about account terminations and how to submit an appeal.
There are a number of ways to report content to our team for review. Learn about them here.
Learn about the actions YouTube takes on accounts that are found to have violated our Communtiy Guidelines.
Learn how to submit an appeal if you believe that your video was removed in error by YouTube.


--URL: https://www.youtube.com/reportabuse

Create an account
One Google Account for everything Google

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/account_recovery
Enter the email address that you usually sign in with and we'll help you recover your account.
Submit
For help finding your channel's email address and more tips, visit the YouTube Help Center.
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/safety.html
Your safety on YouTube is important to us. We've created the Safety Center as a destination for resources, tools, and tips on many topics. Click on the links below to learn more.
Protect your privacy and learn more about online safety.
Resources for dealing with suicide, self-injury, or depression.
Report privacy violations and learn about protecting your privacy.
Use YouTube in the classroom and check out student and teacher resources.
Manage and control your experience on YouTube.
Filter out potentially objectionable content.
Learn how to deal with harassment and cyberbullying on YouTube.
Understand YouTube and keep your children safe online.
Additional information on how to stay safe on YouTube.

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/policy.html
What type of content will be age-restricted? How do you make sure your video doesn't violate our policies? Use this page to find the answers and learn more about the principles behind our Community Guidelines.
Report violations and learn about protecting your privacy.
Find out how we handle content that aims to promote hatred or violence against protected groups.
Identify and report content that contains violent threats.
Find out how we deal with sexually suggestive or explicit content.
Learn about our policies on content that depicts harmful or dangerous acts.
Information on our legal removals policies and the process for submitting complaints.
Learn about our policies on harassment and cyberbullying.
What we do with accounts that attempt to impersonate someone.
Learn what to do if you encounter inappropriate content involving minors.
Explore our policies on violent or graphic content.
Policies on spam and other activity on the site that aims to mislead or trick users.
Additional policies on a range of subjects.

--URL: http://youtube.com/yt/policyandsafety/communityguidelines.html
We're not asking for the kind of respect reserved for nuns, the elderly, and brain surgeons. Just don't abuse the site. Every cool, new community feature on YouTube involves a certain level of trust. We trust you to be responsible, and millions of users respect that trust. Please be one of them.
Here are some common-sense rules that'll help you steer clear of trouble. Please take these rules seriously and take them to heart. Don't try to look for loopholes or try to lawyer your way around the guidelines—just understand them and try to respect the spirit in which they were created.
YouTube is not for pornography or sexually explicit content. If this describes your video, even if it's a video of yourself, don't post it on YouTube. Also, be advised that we work closely with law enforcement and we report child exploitation. Learn more
It's not okay to post violent or gory content that's primarily intended to be shocking, sensational, or disrespectful. If posting graphic content in a news or documentary context, please be mindful to provide enough information to help people understand what's going on in the video. Don't encourage others to commit specific acts of violence. Learn more
Our products are platforms for free expression. But we don't support content that promotes or condones violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity, or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred on the basis of these core characteristics. This can be a delicate balancing act, but if the primary purpose is to attack a protected group, the content crosses the line. Learn more
Everyone hates spam. Don't create misleading descriptions, tags, titles, or thumbnails in order to increase views. It's not okay to post large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content, including comments and private messages. Learn more
Don't post videos that encourage others to do things that might cause them to get badly hurt, especially kids. Videos showing such harmful or dangerous acts may get age-restricted or removed depending on their severity. Learn more
Respect copyright. Only upload videos that you made or that you're authorized to use. This means don't upload videos you didn't make, or use content in your videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos made by other users, without necessary authorizations. Visit our Copyright Center for more information.
Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people's personal information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate the Terms of Use are taken very seriously. Anyone caught doing these things may be permanently banned from YouTube. Learn more
You might not like everything you see on YouTube. Some of the content might offend you. If you think it's inappropriate, locate the flagging feature on the video and submit it for review by our YouTube staff. Learn more
Our staff reviews flagged videos 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to determine whether they violate our Community Guidelines. When they do, we remove them. Sometimes a video doesn't violate our guidelines, but might not be appropriate for everyone. These videos may get age-restricted. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations, and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. If an account is terminated, that person won't be allowed to create any new accounts.
For more information about how our Community Guidelines are enforced, please visit our Help Center.
Remember that this is your community. Each and every person on YouTube makes the site what it is, so don't be afraid to dig in and get involved.
There's a lot to see here, with lots of folks creating amazing stuff—one of them might be you! Equipment is getting cheaper and easier to use all the time, so dive in and enjoy.
Let folks know what you think. Feedback is part of the experience, and when done with respect, it can be a great way to make friends, share stories, and make your time on YouTube richer. So leave comments, rate videos, make your own responses to videos that affect you, enter contests of interest—there's a lot going on and a lot of ways to participate.
But most of all, have fun with the site! We hope you'll find something new to love as you get to know the community.
— The YouTube Team

--URL: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/92486
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
Learn about reporting content on YouTube, the actions our teams take when reviewing content, and what this means for you.

--URL: http://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
We rely on YouTube community members to flag content that they find inappropriate.
YouTube staff review flagged videos 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and videos that violate our Community Guidelines are removed from YouTube. Videos that may not be appropriate for all younger audiences are age-restricted.
Flagged videos are not automatically taken down by the flagging system. If a video doesn't violate our guidelines, no amount of flagging will change that, and the video will stay on the site.
Flagging videos is anonymous - Users cannot tell who flagged a video. However, we do require you to be logged in to use our flagging tools.
The "Report spam or abuse" link allows the community to control the number of spam comments left on videos they upload or watch. If enough users mark a comment as spam, it becomes hidden under a "Marked as Spam" link. By clicking the "Show link", you can see the comment again.
Please use the "Report spam or abuse" feature with extreme caution, as those who misuse it may be prohibited from using the site. The video's uploader has the ability to "unmark" a comment as spam.
If you believe a comment you made wasn't spam but has been marked as such, you may want to contact the uploader about the issue.
You may report users, inappropriate background images or profile avatars through the reporting flow located on the bottom of every channel.


--URL: http://youtube.com/t/community_guidelines
We're not asking for the kind of respect reserved for nuns, the elderly, and brain surgeons. Just don't abuse the site. Every cool, new community feature on YouTube involves a certain level of trust. We trust you to be responsible, and millions of users respect that trust. Please be one of them.
Here are some common-sense rules that'll help you steer clear of trouble. Please take these rules seriously and take them to heart. Don't try to look for loopholes or try to lawyer your way around the guidelines—just understand them and try to respect the spirit in which they were created.
YouTube is not for pornography or sexually explicit content. If this describes your video, even if it's a video of yourself, don't post it on YouTube. Also, be advised that we work closely with law enforcement and we report child exploitation. Learn more
It's not okay to post violent or gory content that's primarily intended to be shocking, sensational, or disrespectful. If posting graphic content in a news or documentary context, please be mindful to provide enough information to help people understand what's going on in the video. Don't encourage others to commit specific acts of violence. Learn more
Our products are platforms for free expression. But we don't support content that promotes or condones violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity, or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred on the basis of these core characteristics. This can be a delicate balancing act, but if the primary purpose is to attack a protected group, the content crosses the line. Learn more
Everyone hates spam. Don't create misleading descriptions, tags, titles, or thumbnails in order to increase views. It's not okay to post large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content, including comments and private messages. Learn more
Don't post videos that encourage others to do things that might cause them to get badly hurt, especially kids. Videos showing such harmful or dangerous acts may get age-restricted or removed depending on their severity. Learn more
Respect copyright. Only upload videos that you made or that you're authorized to use. This means don't upload videos you didn't make, or use content in your videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos made by other users, without necessary authorizations. Visit our Copyright Center for more information.
Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people's personal information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate the Terms of Use are taken very seriously. Anyone caught doing these things may be permanently banned from YouTube. Learn more
You might not like everything you see on YouTube. Some of the content might offend you. If you think it's inappropriate, locate the flagging feature on the video and submit it for review by our YouTube staff. Learn more
Our staff reviews flagged videos 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to determine whether they violate our Community Guidelines. When they do, we remove them. Sometimes a video doesn't violate our guidelines, but might not be appropriate for everyone. These videos may get age-restricted. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations, and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. If an account is terminated, that person won't be allowed to create any new accounts.
For more information about how our Community Guidelines are enforced, please visit our Help Center.
Remember that this is your community. Each and every person on YouTube makes the site what it is, so don't be afraid to dig in and get involved.
There's a lot to see here, with lots of folks creating amazing stuff—one of them might be you! Equipment is getting cheaper and easier to use all the time, so dive in and enjoy.
Let folks know what you think. Feedback is part of the experience, and when done with respect, it can be a great way to make friends, share stories, and make your time on YouTube richer. So leave comments, rate videos, make your own responses to videos that affect you, enter contests of interest—there's a lot going on and a lot of ways to participate.
But most of all, have fun with the site! We hope you'll find something new to love as you get to know the community.
— The YouTube Team


--URL: http://www.youtube.com/testtube
And if playing 4K videos at 3840x2160 isn't enough to melt your device, try doing it at 60 frames per second. We've combined these two cutting-edge features for a few videos in this playlist. This feature may not work well on every device, but if you've got a powerful rig, try it out!
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Community Guidelines
YouTube hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service as set forth in these Terms of Service, provided that:
In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOUTUBE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF. YOUTUBE MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. YOUTUBE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND YOUTUBE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL YOUTUBE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUTUBE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
The Service is controlled and offered by YouTube from its facilities in the United States of America. YouTube makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless YouTube, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Service.
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Service is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Service. There are lots of other great web sites for you. Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by YouTube without restriction.
You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in California; and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over YouTube, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California. These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and YouTube that arises in whole or in part from the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Santa Clara County, California. These Terms of Service, together with the Privacy Notice at http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy and any other legal notices published by YouTube on the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and YouTube concerning the Service. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and YouTube's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YouTube reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of the Service following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND YOUTUBE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy
Last modified: February 25, 2015 (view archived versions)
Download PDF version
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
Location information
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
Please refer to your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.
Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google’s policies and principles pages, including:
For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends.
Learn more
For example, you can delete your Web History, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account.
You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trends.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines
We're not asking for the kind of respect reserved for nuns, the elderly, and brain surgeons. Just don't abuse the site. Every cool, new community feature on YouTube involves a certain level of trust. We trust you to be responsible, and millions of users respect that trust. Please be one of them.
Here are some common-sense rules that'll help you steer clear of trouble. Please take these rules seriously and take them to heart. Don't try to look for loopholes or try to lawyer your way around the guidelines—just understand them and try to respect the spirit in which they were created.
YouTube is not for pornography or sexually explicit content. If this describes your video, even if it's a video of yourself, don't post it on YouTube. Also, be advised that we work closely with law enforcement and we report child exploitation. Learn more
It's not okay to post violent or gory content that's primarily intended to be shocking, sensational, or disrespectful. If posting graphic content in a news or documentary context, please be mindful to provide enough information to help people understand what's going on in the video. Don't encourage others to commit specific acts of violence. Learn more
Our products are platforms for free expression. But we don't support content that promotes or condones violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity, or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred on the basis of these core characteristics. This can be a delicate balancing act, but if the primary purpose is to attack a protected group, the content crosses the line. Learn more
Everyone hates spam. Don't create misleading descriptions, tags, titles, or thumbnails in order to increase views. It's not okay to post large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content, including comments and private messages. Learn more
Don't post videos that encourage others to do things that might cause them to get badly hurt, especially kids. Videos showing such harmful or dangerous acts may get age-restricted or removed depending on their severity. Learn more
Respect copyright. Only upload videos that you made or that you're authorized to use. This means don't upload videos you didn't make, or use content in your videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos made by other users, without necessary authorizations. Visit our Copyright Center for more information.
Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people's personal information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate the Terms of Use are taken very seriously. Anyone caught doing these things may be permanently banned from YouTube. Learn more
You might not like everything you see on YouTube. Some of the content might offend you. If you think it's inappropriate, locate the flagging feature on the video and submit it for review by our YouTube staff. Learn more
Our staff reviews flagged videos 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to determine whether they violate our Community Guidelines. When they do, we remove them. Sometimes a video doesn't violate our guidelines, but might not be appropriate for everyone. These videos may get age-restricted. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations, and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. If an account is terminated, that person won't be allowed to create any new accounts.
For more information about how our Community Guidelines are enforced, please visit our Help Center.
Remember that this is your community. Each and every person on YouTube makes the site what it is, so don't be afraid to dig in and get involved.
There's a lot to see here, with lots of folks creating amazing stuff—one of them might be you! Equipment is getting cheaper and easier to use all the time, so dive in and enjoy.
Let folks know what you think. Feedback is part of the experience, and when done with respect, it can be a great way to make friends, share stories, and make your time on YouTube richer. So leave comments, rate videos, make your own responses to videos that affect you, enter contests of interest—there's a lot going on and a lot of ways to participate.
But most of all, have fun with the site! We hope you'll find something new to love as you get to know the community.
— The YouTube Team

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/t/copyright_notice
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
If you believe your copyright-protected work was posted on YouTube without authorization, you may submit a copyright infringement notification. These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
The fastest and simplest way to notify YouTube of alleged copyright infringement is via our webform. You’ll find this easier to use on a desktop or laptop computer than on a mobile device or tablet.
If you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, please remember that you are initiating a legal process.
Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences.
If you are a company and own exclusive rights to a large amount of content that requires regular online rights administration, you may want to apply for access to YouTube’s Content ID system or to our Content Verification Program.
We will also accept free-form copyright infringement notifications, submitted by email, fax and mail.

--URL: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6005908
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
If you prefer to contact us via email, postal mail, or fax, here is information about how to do so:
Email: copyright@youtube.com
Fax: +1 650 872 8513
Address
Phone: +1 650 214 6064
Please keep in mind, we can process claims submitted within the body of an email more quickly than those submitted as PDFs.

--URL: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6005900
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
The easiest way to file a complaint is to use our copyright removal webform.
Copyright takedown notifications must include the following elements. Without this information, we will be unable to take action on your request:
You’ll need to provide information that will allow us and the uploader(s) of any video(s) you remove to contact you regarding your complaint, such as an email address, physical address or telephone number.
In your complaint, be sure to clearly and completely describe the copyrighted content you are seeking to protect. If multiple copyrighted works are covered in your complaint, the law allows a representative list of such works.
Your complaint must contain the specific URL of the video you believe infringes your rights, or we will be unable to locate and remove it. General information about the video, such as a channel URL or username, is not adequate. Please include the URL(s) of the exact video(s). The URL should be in the following format: www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxxxxxxxxxx
“I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”
"The information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, I am the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”
Complete complaints require the physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a representative authorized to act on their behalf. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name (a first and last name, not a company name) to act as your signature at the bottom of your complaint.
You may contact us via email, postal mail, or fax, being sure to include the requirements above.

--URL: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6005923
Subscribe to the YouTube Help channel for video tips, tricks, and how-to's.
YouTube is committed to helping copyright holders find and remove allegedly infringing content from our platform. The Copyright Verification Program helps copyright owners search for material that they believe to be infringing and provide YouTube with information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate and remove that material.
The Content Verification Program is designed especially for copyright-holding companies to issue multiple removal requests. Individual notifications may be submitted by following these instructions.
If you already have a YouTube account, you can apply for access to this tool by filling out the YouTube Content Verification Program Application. This form identifies your authorized agents and acts as a legal affirmation that you hold copyright to the material about which you will notify YouTube. If you do not currently have an account, please create an account, after which you can access the Content Verification Program Application.

--URL: https://accounts.google.com/SignUp
To create a Google Account, you need JavaScript enabled in your browser. Refresh this page after you have enabled JavaScript.
Password strength:
Learn more about why we ask for this information.
A single username and password gets you into everything Google.
Switch between devices, and pick up wherever you left off.

--URL: https://www.google.com/recaptcha/help
reCAPTCHA is a free service from Google that helps protect websites from spam and abuse. A “CAPTCHA” is a test to tell human and bots apart. It is easy for humans to solve, but hard for “bots” and other malicious software to figure out. By adding reCAPTCHA to a site, you can block automated software while helping your welcome users to enter with ease. Try it out at http://recaptcha.google.com/recaptcha/demo/.
To learn more about reCAPTCHA, visit our official website or our technical documentation site.
There currently exist two versions of reCAPTCHA, V1 and V2.
reCAPTCHA V1 can take many forms, but here are the most common ones:

The newer V2 reCAPTCHA looks like this:

CAPTCHAs play an important role in keeping the internet spam-free and making everyone’s experience a little bit better.
reCAPTCHA also makes positive use of the human effort spent in solving CAPTCHAs by using the solutions to digitize text, annotate images, and build machine-learning datasets. This in turn helps preserve books, improve maps, and solve hard AI problems.
If you were directed to here from the reCAPTCHA widget, you would have seen a message that said "We're sorry, but your computer or network may be sending automated queries. To protect our users, we can't process your request right now."
Please take a look at the reCAPTCHA widget in this link. If it shows a normal CAPTCHA (letters, numbers, or images), then your computer and network are safe, but the site you came from could have a configuration problem. Please contact them directly so they can get it fixed. If it still shows the "We're sorry, but your computer..." message, then please try the troubleshooting tips at our unusual traffic help page and if you still think that you are being blocked in error, please email us at support@recaptcha.net and tell us your dotted-decimal IP address so that we can investigate. You can obtain your IP address from Whatismyip.org.
Type what you see in the CAPTCHA image, whether it's a number, a word, or several words.
reCAPTCHA provides a means for visually-challenged users to solve CAPTCHAs by clicking on the audio button. Upon doing so, a set of numbers will be read out, that the user has to enter to pass the challenge.
Type what you see in the CAPTCHA image, whether it's a number, a word, or several words.
If you see a message that says "We're sorry, but your computer or network may be sending automated queries. To protect our users, we can't process your request right now.":
Open this reCAPTCHA page.
If you see a normal CAPTCHA (letters or numbers) your computer and network are safe. The site you came from could have a configuration problem. Try to let them know about it.
If you still see the "We're sorry, but your computer..." message, then there may be something wrong. See the tips at our unusual traffic help page.
Just click the checkbox:

If you see a green checkmark, congratulations! You’ve passed our robot test (yes, it’s that easy). You can carry on with what you were doing.
Sometimes we need some extra info from you to make sure you’re human and not a robot, so we ask you to solve a challenge:

Simply follow the on-screen instructions to solve the puzzle and then carry on with your task.
We want to make sure that reCAPTCHA doesn’t prevent anyone from using a website.
There are a number of different screen readers (ChromeVox, JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, etc.) to assist vision impaired people to browse the web. ReCAPTCHA notifies and makes it easy for screen reader users to check the state of the reCAPTCHA verification.
There is an ARIA live region element that appears right before the reCAPTCHA checkbox element for users that use screen readers. The ARIA live region gives users an indication of the state of the reCAPTCHA verification. See ReCAPTCHA ARIA Status Messages for more information about the different status messages.
Please use the following steps to get and solve an audio challenge:
If you are presented with a visual challenge, locate and click on the button.
You will be presented with one of two versions of the audio challenge depending on whether you’re using a mobile device.
Press PLAY and enter the numbers you hear in the text input box located after the PLAY button or audio control.  You may have your focus automatically set on the text input box after pressing the PLAY button.  When you’re done entering the numbers from the audio, press ENTER or locate and click on the “Verify” button to submit your answer.
If your answer is incorrect, you will be presented with another audio challenge.

If your answer is correct, the audio challenge will close and the reCAPTCHA checkbox will become checked.

Please note that the verification will expire after some time and you will need to start over if this occurs.​ 

​Tips
If the audio doesn’t play, try downloading the audio by locating and clicking on the link.
While in the text input box, you can press the “R” button to replay the audio from the beginning.
To get a different audio challenge, locate and press the button.
ReCAPTCHA ARIA Status Messages
Status message
Detailed description
Recaptcha requires verification
The initial state, reCAPTCHA verification is required to proceed on this website. Click the checkbox to get a verification challenge.
Opening verification challenge
The checkbox has been clicked and a challenge is loading. You are instantly verified if the status changes to “You are verified”. Otherwise, you are required to complete a verification challenge.
Verification challenge expired, check the checkbox again for a new challenge
The verification challenge expired due to  timeout or inactivity. Click the checkbox again for a new challenge.
You are verified
You have been verified. You can now proceed on the website.
Verification expired, check the checkbox again for a new challenge
The verification expired expired due to timeout or inactivity. Click the checkbox again for a new challenge.
Our unusual traffic help page describes what to do if you see this message:
reCAPTCHA cannot display correctly if the IE Compatibility View is enabled for google.com. We suggest that you remove google.com from your list of sites that have Compatibility View enabled.
Turn off Compatibility view
If you don't see google.com listed, or if you still see a warning about Compatibility View after following the steps above, make sure that your computer has the latest Windows updates. See Microsoft’s instructions for getting Window’s updates.


--URL: https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/faq
We recommend you register a new key and follow the instructions on how to integrate with v2.
Yes. reCAPTCHA reports the daily pass and fail stats in the admin concole. If you are using reCAPTCHA V2, you can also see how many No CAPTCHAs were rendered per day as well as site spam index chart. You are strongly encouraged to upgrade to reCAPTCHA V2 to enjoy these advanced features.

Yes. reCAPTCHA offers two themes, light and dark, as shown below. To choose a theme, simply set the data-theme attribute in the grecaptcha.render parameter.
Light theme:

Dark theme:


Yes, this is supported if you automatically render the widget with the g-recaptcha tag.  You must add the following <noscript> HTML immediately following the g-recaptcha tag.  If JavaScript is a requirement for your site, we advise that you do NOT include this.

Is the reCAPTCHA widget in the above example what your users are seeing?
In some cases, the end user's environment doesn't have the features to support the checkbox reCAPTCHA widget.  When this occurs, reCAPTCHA falls back to an alternative challenge.  If you would like to test for this case, add the fallback=true parameter to the JavaScript resource:
The reason you are seeing this error is because you referenced an obsolete reCaptcha JS code exampled below:
Instead, you should only include this line in your code:
We are constantly updating our recaptcha__XYZ.js versions. Please rely on the api.js to route to the right version.
If the reCAPTCHA widget does not render with your CSP, please add the following values to the directives:
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies.

--URL: https://developers.google.com/site-policies
We are pleased to license much of the documentation on Google Developers under terms that explicitly encourage people to take, modify, reuse, re-purpose, and remix our work as they see fit.
You will find the following notice at the bottom of many pages on the Google Developers website:
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies.
When you see a page with this notice you are free to use nearly everything on the page in your own creations. For example, you could quote the text in a book, cut-and-paste sections to your blog, record it as an audiobook for the visually impaired, or even translate it into Swahili. Really. That's what open content licenses are all about. We just ask that you give us attribution when you reuse our work.
You may also find the following notice on the bottom of some pages:
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies.
When you see this notice, you are free to use the content, and in addition you are free to use the computer source code that appears in the content (such as in examples) in the code of your own projects.
We say "nearly everything" as there are a few simple conditions that apply.
Google's trademarks and other brand features are not included in this license. Please see our standard guidelines for third party use of Google brand features for information about this usage.
In some cases, a page may include content consisting of images, audio or video material, or a link to content on a different webpage (such as videos or slide decks). This content is not covered by the license, unless specifically noted.
Proper attribution is required when you reuse or create modified versions of content that appears on a page made available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution license. The complete requirements for attribution can be found in section 4 of the Creative Commons legal code.
In practice we ask that you provide attribution to Google to the best of the ability of the medium in which you are producing the work.
There are several typical ways in which this might apply:
If your online work exactly reproduces text or images from this site, in whole or in part, please include a paragraph at the bottom of your page that reads:
Also, please link back to the original source page so that readers can refer to it for more information.
If your online work shows modified text or images based on the content from this site, please include a paragraph at the bottom of your page that reads:
Again, please link back to the original source page so that readers can refer to it for more information. This is even more important when the content has been modified.
If you produce non-hypertext works, such as books, audio, or video, we ask that you make a best effort to include a spoken or written attribution in the spirit of the messages above.
If you have any comments regarding Google Developers license policies, please send us feedback.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode
Creative Commons
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
1. Definitions
2. Fair Dealing Rights. Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
For the avoidance of doubt:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
4. Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. Termination
8. Miscellaneous
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of this License.
Creative Commons may be contacted at https://creativecommons.org/.
« Back to Commons Deed

--URL: https://creativecommons.org/
State of the Commons covers the impact and success of free and open content worldwide, and it contains the most revealing account we’ve ever published, including new data on what’s shared with a CC license. Check it out!
Donate $75 and receive a free CC t-shirt!
Shop for CC t-shirts, vinyl stickers, and buttons at the CC store.

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/contact
We receive a lot of email inquiries that are already answered in our FAQ, or somewhere else on CC’s site. Please check our FAQ and other basic resources for the answer to your question before writing. If you have a question about CC in your jurisdiction or want to get in touch with our local affiliates, you may be able to find contact information in our Jurisdiction Database.
If you still need assistance, feel free to email us. The best way to get your questions about CC licenses answered is to send an email to the general information address below. This is the fastest way to get an answer to your question about CC licenses and other tools.
Please, do not copy more than one of these addresses. It will not get your question or concern answered any more quickly. Pick the one that seems most relevant to your issue, and if it turns out that it wasn’t the correct address then CC will forward it internally to the right group. Thanks.
Note: Creative Commons does not and cannot give legal advice. You must assess the suitability of Creative Commons tools for your particular situation, which may include obtaining appropriate legal advice from a licensed attorney.
 
Please join the discussion! There are three main ways to jump into the discussion. Through our mailing lists (community, licenses, and development), by using our public wiki, and on our IRC chat channel.

This is a wide ranging public discussion of topics related to Creative Commons, including general questions about CC licenses.

This is a moderated list focused on development and versioning of CC licenses.

This is the place for general discussion of Creative Commons’ free software projects and developer APIs.

You can join Creative Commons staff and friends on IRC in #creativecommons on irc.freenode.net. You can join this channel in your browser too.
Additionally, the CC developer community uses the IRC chat channel #creativecommons-dev on irc.freenode.net. Please note, this channel is primarily used for free software-style development discussions, so it might be a bit technical.
If you have reason to believe that any material or activity on a site controlled or operated by Creative Commons (such as creativecommons.org or wiki.creativecommons.org is infringing of the right(s) owned by you or someone else, for whom you have authority to act, please follow our DMCA Notice & Takedown Procedure.
Please note: we are a distributed team working all over the world. We don’t have an office, but if you need to mail us something, please send it to:
Creative Commons PO Box 1866 Mountain View, CA 94042
Likewise, we don’t have someone who answers the phone.
The best way to contact us is to write to info@creativecommons.org and if you call us, you’ll hear a message (recorded by our Cable Green) asking you to email us. We have a voicemail box at the following number.
You will get a faster response by emailing us.
1-415-429-5471
As a nonprofit entity, the integrity of CC’s financial information is paramount. We have adopted Codes of Conduct that prohibit financial impropriety and protect whistle blowers who bring such irregularities to our attention.
If you are aware of any conduct prohibited by law or by our policies, you are encouraged to make a complaint, anonymously if you wish, to the members of the company’s Audit Committee. The email address for such complaints is audit@creativecommons.org which will forward your message automatically to the members of the Audit Committee. The Committee members are identified on our Board page. You may also submit a complaint by post or fax to the attention of “Audit Committee” at our Mountain View address.
Creative Commons is a Massachusetts-chartered 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charitable corporation. For more information, see the corporate charter, by-laws, most recent tax return and most recent audited financial statement.

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribute this work:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ko
이 증서는 라이선스의 몇 가지 주요 내용과 조건을 중점적으로 설명한 것입니다. 이 증서 자체는 라이선스가 아니며 아무런 법적 효력이 없습니다. 저작물을 이용하기 전에 실제 라이선스의 내용과 조건을 주의 깊게 읽어보기 바랍니다.
크리에이티브 커먼즈는 법률 사무소가 아니며 아무런 법적 서비스를 제공하지 않습니다. 이 증서를 배포, 전시하거나 이 증서 또는 라이선스로 링크를 건다고 해서 법적 서비스를 제공하는 관계가 발생하는 것은 아닙니다.
저작자표시 — 적절한 출처와, 해당 라이센스 링크를 표시하고, 변경이 있는 경우 공지해야 합니다. 합리적인 방식으로 이렇게 하면 되지만, 이용 허락권자가 귀하에게 권리를 부여한다거나 귀하의 사용을 허가한다는 내용을 나타내서는 안 됩니다.
저작물의 출처
적용가능한 중재 규칙은 저작물에 함께 게재되는 저작권 표시 안에 정하거나, 그렇지 않은 경우 중재 요청에 의해 정해집니다. 저작물에 첨부된 저작권 표시에 명시되지 않은 경우, UNCITRAL 조정 규칙이 적용됩니다.
추가 정보.
저작자의 이름과 저작권 관련 단체, 저작권 공지, 라이선스 공지, 권리 포기 공지, 콘텐츠 링크 등을 알고 있다면 제공해야 합니다. 4.0 이전 버전의 CC 라이선스를 사용하는 경우, 콘텐츠 제목을 알고 있다면 제목도 표시해야 하며, 기타 조금 다른 사항들이 있습니다.
추가 정보.
4.0 버전에서는 원 저작물을 어떤 식으로든 수정했을 경우 이를 표시하여야 하고 이전 수정 표시도 유지하여야 합니다. 3.0 또는 그 이전 버전에서는 2차적 저작물을 작성한 경우에 한하여 그 표시를 요구하고 있습니다.
적용 가이드.
추가 정보.
아래 링크에 있는 호환 라이선스를 사용할 수도 있습니다: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
추가 정보.
영리 목적 이용은 주로 영리적 이익이나 금전적 보상을 의도한 이용을 말합니다.
추가 정보.
단순히 포맷을 변경하는 것은 2차 저작물에 해당하지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
이 라이선스는 WIPO 저작권 협약 11조에 정의된 효과적 기술 조치의 사용을 금합니다.
추가 정보.
공정 이용 등 저작재산권의 제한에 따른 이용자의 권리는 CC 라이선스의 영향을 받지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
원하는 방식으로 저작물을 이용하기 위해서는 추가적인 허락이 필요할 수도 있습니다.
추가 정보.
CCL을 적용하는 방법에 대해 더 알아보세요.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.zh_TW
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
姓名標示 — 你必須給予 適當表彰、提供指向本授權條款的連結，以及 指出（本作品的原始版本）是否已被變更。你可以任何合理方式為前述表彰，但不得以任何方式暗示授權人為你或你的使用方式背書。
標示這份著作：
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
更多資訊.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
更多資訊.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
更多資訊.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
更多資訊.
商業性使用是一種主要為了商業利益或金錢報酬的使用方式。
更多資訊.
僅改變格式不算是創作衍生作品。
更多資訊.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
更多資訊.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
更多資訊.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
更多資訊.
進一步了解創用 CC 授權，或使用此授權款在你的素材上。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ja
コモンズ証は実際のライセンスの主要な特徴や条件の一部だけをハイライトしています。これはライセンスではなく、法的な意味を持ちません。あなたはライセンスされた資料の利用の前に、実際のライセンスの全ての条件を注意深くレビューするべきです。
Creative Commonsは法律事務所ではなく、法律業務を提供するものではありせん。このコモンズ証や、コモンズ証が要約しているライセンスを、配布したり、表示したり、またはそれらにリンクすることは、法律家と依頼者の関係や、そのほかいかなる関係も形成しません。
表示 — あなたは 適切なクレジットを表示し、ライセンスへのリンクを提供し、変更があったらその旨を示さなければなりません。あなたはこれらを合理的などのような方法で行っても構いませんが、許諾者があなたやあなたの利用行為を支持していると示唆するような方法は除きます。
この作品のクレジットを表示する
適用される仲裁のルールは作品の著作権表示と共に指定されるか、そのような指定がない場合には、仲裁のリクエストの中で指定されます。作品に付された著作権表示に特段の指定がない限り、裁定にはUNCITRAL Arbitration Rulesが適用されます。
詳細.
あなたは、示されている場合には、クリエイターやクレジット表示の対象の名前、著作権表示、ライセンスに関する注意書き、免責事項に関する注意書き、および資料へのリンクを提供しなければなりません。バージョン4.0以前のCCライセンスでは、資料のタイトルが示されている場合にはそれも提供することを要求しており、他にも細かい違いがある場合があります。
詳細.
4.0 では、あなたは資料を改変をしたかどうかを示さなければならず、またそれまでの改変の表示を保持しなければなりません。3.0以前のバージョンのライセンスでは、派生作品を作成した場合にのみ変更を示すことが要求されていました。
表示に関するご案内.
詳細.
あなたは互換性があるとして https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicensesにリストされているライセンスのひとつを使うこともできます。
詳細.
営利利用は、商業上の利得や金銭的報酬を主な目的とした利用を指します。
詳細.
単にフォーマットを変更することは、作品を改変することを意味しません。
詳細.
このライセンスは、WIPO著作権条約の11条に定義されているところの効果的な技術的な手段を適用することを禁じています。
詳細.
フェアユース、フェアディーリングなど著作権法上の権利制限などに基づく利用者の権利は、CCライセンスによって影響を受けません。
詳細.
この資料をあなたが想定している形でご利用するには、追加的な許諾が必要になる場合があります。
詳細.
CCライセンスの利用についてもっと知る 、またはあなた自身の作品に ライセンスを適用する。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.fa
این سند فقط بعضی از ویژگی‌های کلیدی و شرایط پروانه حقیقی را برجسته می‌کند. این یک پروانه نیست و هیچ ارزش قانونی ندارد. شما باید با دقت همه شرایط و ضوابط پروانه حقیقی را پیش از استفاده از مواد دارای مجوز مرور کنید.
کریتیو کامنز یک شرکت قانونی نیست و خدمات قانونی ارائه نمی‌کند. توزیع‌کردن، نمایش‌دادن، یا پیونددادن به این سند یا پروانه که به طور مختصر بیان می‌کند یک ارتباط مشتری-وکیل یا هر ارتباط دیگر نمی‌سازد.
تخصیص — شما باید اعتبار مناسب ببخشید، یک پیوند به پروانه ارائه کنید، و اگر تغییری صورت گرفته‌است به آن اشاره کنید. شما می‌توانید این کار را به هر شیوه معقول انجام دهید، اما نه به هر روش که نشان دهد پروانه‌دهنده شما یا استفاده‌تان را تأیید می‌کند.
ویژگی این کار :
قوانین قابل اجرای میانجی‌گری در اطلاع حق تکثیر منتشرشده همراه اثر، یا اگر هیچ‌کدام نبود در درخواست برای میانجی‌گری معین خواهد شد. مگر در غیر این صورت در یک اطلاع حق تکثیر به اثر پیوست‌شده معین شود، UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules به هر حکمیت اعمال می‌شود.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
اگر عرضه شود، شما باید نام خالق و طرف‌های انتساب، یک اطلاع حق تکثیر، یک اطلاع پروانه، یک اطلاع سلب‌کننده مسئولیت، و یک پیوند به مواد ارائه کنید. پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز قبل از نگارش 4.0 همچنین نیاز دارد شما عنوان موادی را که عرضه کردید ارائه کنید، و تفاوت‌های جزئی دیگری ممکن است داشته باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
در نگارش 4.0، شما باید به اینکه مواد را تغییر دادید اشاره کنید و یک اشاره از تغییرات قبلی را حفظ کنید. در نگارش 3.0 و نسخه‌های قدیمی‌تر پروانه، اشاره‌کردن به تغییرات فقط زمانی الزامی است که یک اثر مشتق ایجاد می‌کنید.
ساخت راهنما.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
شما همچنین می‌توانید از یک پروانه که در https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses بعنوان سازگار ذکر شده‌است استفاده کنید
اطلاعات بیشتر.
استفاده تجاری این است که در درجه اول برای بهره تجاری یا جبران خسارت مالی در نظر گرفته شده‌باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
فقط تغییر قالب هرگز یک مشتق نمی‌سازد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
این پروانه استفاده از اقدامات فنی مؤثر را، که با ارجاع به Article 11 از WIPO Copyright Treaty تعریف شده‌است ممنوع می‌کند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
حقوق کاربران در موارد استثنا و محدودیت‌ها، چون استفاده منصفانه و خرید و فروش عادلانه، تحت تأثیر پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز نیستند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
ممکن است لازم داشته باشید پروانه‌های اضافی پیش استفاده از این مواد تهیه کنید اگر قصد دارید.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
درباره پروانه‌دادن کریتیو کامنز بیشتر بیاموزید، یا برای مواد خودتان از این پروانه استفاده کنید.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ar
هذا السند يبرز فقط بعض البنود والخصائص الأساسية للرخصة الفعلية. فهو ليس الرخصة نفسها وليس له أي قيمة قانونية. عليك مراجعة بنود الرخصة الفعلية بعناية قبل استخدام المواد المرخصة بها.
مؤسسة المشاع الإبداعي ليست مكتب محاماة ولا تُقدم أي خدمات قانونية. توزيع، أو عرض، أو الإحالة لهذه الرخصة أو السند الذي يلخصها لا ينشئ علاقة وكالة قانونية أو أي علاقة أخرى.
نَسب المُصنَّف — يجب عليك نَسب العمل لصاحبه بطريقة مناسبة، وتوفير رابط للترخيص، وبيان إذا ما قد أُجريت أي تعديلات على العمل. يمكنك القيام بهذا بأي طريقة مناسبة، ولكن على ألا يتم ذلك بطريقة توحي بأن المؤلف أو المرخِّص مؤيد لك أو لعملك.
نَسب هذا المُصنّف:
تُطبق قواعد الوساطة من خلال إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف، أو طلب الوساطة. وتنطبق قواعد تحكيم لجنة UNCITRAL (لجنة الأمم المتحدة للقانون التجاري الدولي) على أي تحكيم، ما لم يذكر خلاف ذلك في إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
إذا كانت هذه البيانات متاحة، يجب عليك النص على اسم المؤلف والمساهمين في العمل، وإشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر، وملاحظات الترخيص، وإشعار إخلاء المسئولية، ورابط العمل. رخص المشاع الإبداعي قبل الإصدار 4.0 تتطلب منك أيضاً النص على عنوان العمل إن كان متاحاً، وقد تكون هناك اختلافات طفيفة أخرى.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
في الإصدارة 4.0، يجب عليك ذكر وتوضيح أي تغيير أجريته على المُصنَّف. في الإصدارة 3.0 والإصدارات السابقة، يجب عليك ذكر التغييرات فقط في حالة إنشاء عمل مشتق من المُصنَّف.
دليل الوسْم.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
يمكنك معرفة الرخص المتوافقة مع هذه الرخصة لاستخدامها من https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
لمزيد من المعلومات.
الاستخدام التجاري هو غرض يستهدف بشكل أساسي الفائدة المالية أو الربح.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تغيير الصغية أو الهيئة لا يعد اشتقاقاً.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تمنع الرخصة تطبيق التدابير التكنولوجية، طبقاً للبند رقم 11 في معاهدة WIPO لحقوق الملكية الفكرية.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
حقوق المستخدمين في إطار الاستثناءات، مثل الاستخدام العادل، والتعامل العادل، لا تتأثر برخص المشاع الإبداعي.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
قد تحتاج صلاحيات إضافية قبل استخدام المصنف للغرض الذي تريده.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
اعرف المزيد عن رخص المشاع الإبداعي، أو استخدم الرخصة لأعمالك.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.uk
Короткий виклад підкреслює лише деякі ключові умови ліцензії. Він не є ліцензією і не має юридичного сенсу. Вам слід уважно ознайомитися з усіма умовами власне ліцензії перед використанням ліцензованого матеріалу.
Creative Commons не є юридичною фірмою і не надає юридичних послуг. Розповсюдження, показ, або посилання на короткий виклад або на ліцензію не породжує відносик клієнт-юрист або будь-яких інших правовідносин.
Із зазначенням авторства — Ви маєте вказати автора, розмістити посилання на ліцензію та вказати чи було внесено зміни до твору. Ви можете зробити це у будь-який розумний спосіб, але так, щоб не створювати враження стосовно того, що ліцензіар підтримує вас або ваше використання твору.
Зазначте авторство цього твору:
Застосовні правила медіації будуть визгачені в застереженні про авторське право, опублікованому з твором, або запиті про медіацію. У разі якщо інше не було зазначено у застереженні про авторське право, розповсюдженому з твором, будуть застосовуватісь правила медіації UNCITRAL.
Докладніше.
Якщо такі наявні, ви маєте вказати ім'я автора, застереження про авторське право, вказівку на ліцензію, застереження про відмову від відповідальності, та посилання на матеріал. Більш ранні, ніж Версія 4.0, версії ліцензій CC також вимагають від вас вказувати назву матеріалу, якщо вона наявна, та можуть мати інші невеликі відмінності.
Докладніше.
В 4.0, ви маєте зазначити чи ви вносили зміни до матеріалу і зберігати зазначення попередніх модифікацій. В 3.0 і попередніх версіях ліцензії вказівка про внесені зміни була необхідною тільки у разі створення похідного твору.
Інструкція стосовно позначення.
Докладніше.
Ви також можете використати ліцензію, що визначена як сумісна на https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Докладніше.
Комерційним вважається використання головним чином спрямоване на отримання комерційних вигод чи грошових коштів.
Докладніше.
Зміна формату сама по собі не призводить до створення похідного твору.
Докладніше.
Ліцензія забороняє застосування засобів технологічного захисту, визначених з урахуванням положень Статті 11 Угоди ВОІВ про авторське право.
Докладніше.
Права користувачів, встановлені винятками і обмеженнями авторського права, такі як право на добросовісне і чесне використання, не обмежуються ліцензіями СС.
Докладніше.
Можливо вам потрібно буде отримати додаткові дозволи перед використанням матеріалу у бажаний вами спосіб.
Докладніше.
Дізнайтеся більше про ліцензії CC або використовуйте цю ліцензію для своїх власних творів.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ru
Данное краткое описание лицензии содержит только некоторые ключевые особенности и условия самой лицензии. Оно не является лицензией и не имеет юридической силы. Прежде чем начать использовать лицензированный материал, вам следует внимательно ознакомиться со всеми условиями и положениями самой лицензии, прежде чем начать использовать лицензируемый материал.
Creative Commons не является юридической фирмой и не оказывает юридические услуги. Распространение, показ или предоставление ссылки на это краткое описание или на лицензию не создает отношений, аналогичных отношениям между адвокатом и клиентом, или иных отношений.
«Attribution» («Атрибуция») — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Атрибутируйте это произведение (укажите его авторство):
Применяемые правила посредничества будут указаны в уведомлении об авторских правах, публикуемом вместе с произведением, или, в случае отсутствия такого уведомления, в запросе на осуществление посредничества. В случае отсутствия иных договоренностей, указанных в уведомлении об авторских правах, которое опубликовано вместе с произведением, в отношении любого арбитражного процесса будут применяться Правила Арбитража Комиссии ООН по праву международной торговли (ЮНСИТРАЛ).
Подробнее.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Подробнее.
В соответствии с версией лицензии 4.0 вы должны указать внесённые вами изменения в материал и сохранить указания на предыдущие изменения. В соответствии с версией лицензии 3.0 и более ранними версиями лицензий указание внесенных изменений требуется только в случае создания вами производного материала.
Руководство по маркировке контента.
Подробнее.
Вы также можете использовать лицензию, входящую в список совместимых на странице https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Подробнее.
Использование в коммерческих целях – это использование, в первую очередь направленное на получение коммерческого преимущества или денежного вознаграждения.
Подробнее.
Одно лишь изменение формата не является созданием производного материала.
Подробнее.
Лицензия запрещает применение эффективных технических средств, определённых согласно Статье 11 Договора ВОИС по авторскому праву.
Подробнее.
Права пользователей в соответствии с ограничениями и исключениями, такими как добросовестное использование и честное использование, не затрагиваются лицензиями CC.
Подробнее.
Вам может потребоваться получить дополнительные разрешения на использование этого материала по вашему замыслу.
Подробнее.
Узнайте больше о лицензиях CC или используйте эту лицензию для своих собственных произведений.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.be
Гэта падсумаванне падкрэслівае толькі некаторыя магчымасці і ўмовы актуальных ліцэнзій. Яно не з'яўляецца ліцэнзіяй і не мае юрыдычнай значнасці. Вам варта ўважліва праглядаць усе палажэнні і ўмовы дзеючай ліцэнзіі перад выкарыстаннем ліцэнзуемага матэрыялу.
Creative Commons не юрыдычная фірма і не прадастаўляе юрыдычныя паслугі. Распаўсюджванне, паказ, звязванне гэтага скарочанага апісання або ліцэнзій не ствараюць адносінаў юрыст-кліент або іншых адносінаў.
Пазначэнне аўтарства — Вы павінны даць адпаведны давер, прадаставіць спасылку на ліцэнзію і абазначыць, калі былі нейкія змены. Вы можаце рабіць гэтак жа у любой суадноснай манеры, але не шляхам падтрымкі вас або вашага выкарыстання ліцэнзіярам.
Пазначце аўтара гэтага твору:
Дастасоўныя правілы медыяцыі будуць абазначаны ў зацемцы аўтарскага права апублікаванага з творам, або, калі няма такой пазнакі, тады ў запыце на медыяцыю. Калі не абазначана іначай у паведамленні аўтарскага права далучанага да твору, прымяняюцца правілы арбітражу Камісіі ААН па праву міжнароднага гандлю - UNCITRAL.
Больш інфармацыі.
Калі прапанаваны заўвагі, ліцэнзійныя заўвагі, адмовы ад адказнасці, спасылкі на матэрыял, вы павінны прадаставіць імя стваральніка і пазнакі іншых удзельнікаў. Ліцэнзіі СС да версіі 4.0 таксама патрабуюць прадаставіць назву матэрыяла, калі зроблены і іншыя невялікія праўкі.
Больш інфармацыі.
У версіі 4.0, вы павінны ўказаць, калі вы мадыфікавалі гэты матэрыял або адзнаку аб папярэдніх мадыфікацыях. У версіі 3.0 і ранейшых версіях ліцэнзій пазнака зменаў неабходная, толькі калі вы стварылі залежны твор.
Падручнік пазначэнняў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вы можаце таксама выкарыстоўваць ліцэнзію сумяшчальную з https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Больш інфармацыі.
Камерцыйнае выкарыстанне - гэта галоўным чынам намер атрымаць камерцыйную выгоду або грашовую кампенсацыю.
Больш інфармацыі.
Адна змена фармату не стварае залежнага твору.
Больш інфармацыі.
Ліцэнзія забараняе прымяняць эфектыўныя тэхналагічныя сродкі, вызначыная спасылкай на Артыкул 11 Дамовы Аб Аўтарскім Праве САІУ - WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Больш інфармацыі.
Такія выключэнні і абмежаванні правой карыстальнікаў як добрасумленнае выкарыстанне і чэсная дзелавая практыка не падпадаюць пад уздзеянне СС ліцэнзіяў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вам магчыма неабходна атрымаць дадатковыя доступы перад выкарыстаннем матэрыялы, якія вы жадаеце.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вывучаць болей аб СС ліцэнзаванні, або выкарыстаць ліцэнзію для вашага ўласнага матэрыялу.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.el
Αυτό το έγγραφο επισημαίνει μόνο μερικά από τα βασικά χαρακτηριστικά και όρους της πραγματικής άδειας. Δεν είναι άδεια και δεν έχει νομική ισχύ. Θα πρέπει προσεκτικά να επιθεωρήσετε όλους τους όρους και προϋποθέσεις της κανονικής άδειας πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε το αδειοδοτούμενο υλικό.
Η Creative Commons δεν είναι εταιρεία παροχής νομικών υπηρεσιών και δεν παρέχει τέτοιου είδους υπηρεσίες. Η διανομή, προβολή, ή σύνδεση σε αυτό το έγγραφο ή την άδεια που συνοψίζει δεν δημιουργεί κάποια σχέση δικηγόρου-πελάτη ή οποιαδήποτε άλλη σχέση.
Αναφορά Δημιουργού — Θα πρέπει να καταχωρίσετε αναφορά στο δημιουργό , με σύνδεσμο της άδειας, και με αναφορά αν έχουν γίνει αλλαγές . Μπορείτε να το κάνετε αυτό με οποιονδήποτε εύλογο τρόπο, αλλά όχι με τρόπο που να υπονοεί ότι ο δημιουργός αποδέχεται το έργο σας ή τη χρήση που εσείς κάνετε.
Κάντε Αναφορά Δημιουργού σ'αυτό το έργο:
Οι ισχύοντες κανόνες διαμεσολάβησης θα υποδεικνύονται στη σημείωση copyright που δημοσιεύεται με το έργο, ή αν δεν υπάρχει καμία τέτοια, τότε στο αίτημα για διαμεσολάβηση. Εκτός και αν, σε κάποια σημείωση copyright που είναι επισυνημμένη στο έργο, έχει υποδειχθεί διαφορετικά, θα ισχύουν οι κανόνες Διαμεσολάβησης UNCITRAL που ισχύουν σε κάθε διαμεσολάβηση.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Εάν υπάρχουν, πρέπει να δώσετε το όνομα του αρχικού δημιουργού και τα ονόματα τρίτων, ανφορά στα πνευματικά δικαιώματα, την αρχική άδεια, αποποίησης ευθύνης και σύνδεσμο στο υλικό. Οι άδειες CC πριν από την έκδοση 4.0 απαιτούν να παρέχετε τον τίτλο του υλικού.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Στην έκδοση 4.0, πρέπει να υποδείξετε εάν τροποποιήσατε το υλικό και διατηρήσατε μια ένδειξη για τις προηγούμενες τροποποιήσεις. Στην έκδοση 3.0 και στις προγενέστερες εκδόσεις της αδείας, η ένδειξη των αλλαγών απαιτείται μόνο αν δημιουργήσατε ένα παράγωγο έργο.
Οδηγός σήμανσης.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μπορείτε επίσης να χρησιμοποιήσετε μια άδεια καταχωρημένη ως συμβατή στο https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ως εμπορική χρήση νοείται πρωτίστως εκείνη που αποσκοπεί στον προσπορισμό ενός εμπορικού πλεονεκτήματος ή μιας χρηματικής ανταμοιβής.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η απλή αλλαγή του φορμά δεν δημιουργεί ένα παράγωγο.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η άδεια απαγορεύει τη εφαρμογή αποτελεσματικών τεχνολογικών μέτρων, που ορίζονται με αναφορά στο Άρθρο 11 της Συνθήκης της Παγκόσμιας Οργάνωσης για την Προστασία της Πνευματικής Ιδιοκτησίας/ WIPO, σχετικά με το Copyright.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Τα δικαιώματα των χρηστών, πέραν των εξαιρέσεων και των περιορισμών όπως η ορθή χρήση και διανομή, δεν επηρεάζονται από τις άδειες της CC.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ενδέχεται να πρέπει να λάβετε περαιτέρω αδειοδότηση πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε αυτό το υλικό όπως επιθυμείτε.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μάθετε περισσότερα σχετικά με την CC αδειοδότηση ή χρησιμοποιήστε την άδεια σε δικό σας υλικό.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.cs
Toto Zkrácené znění pouze zdůrazňuje některé důležité prvky a podmínky samotných licenčních podmínek. Nejedná se o licenci a samo o sobě nemá žádnou právní váhu. Před vlastním licencováním Vašeho díla si pečlivě prostudujte veškerá ustanovení a podmínky samotné licence.
Organizace Creative Commons není advokátní kanceláří ani neposkytuje právní služby. Distribucí, zveřejněním či odkázáním na tuto licenci nebo její zkrácené znění, které ji shrnuje, nevzniká vztah mezi klientem a advokátem, ani žádný jiný vztah.
Uveďte původ — Je Vaší povinností uvést autorství, poskytnout s dílem odkaz na licenci a vyznačit Vámi provedené změny. Toho můžete docílit jakýmkoli rozumným způsobem, nicméně nikdy ne způsobem naznačujícím, že by poskytovatel licence schvaloval nebo podporoval Vás nebo Váš způsob užití díla.
Uveďte Autora:
Použitelná pravidla mimosoudního řešení sporů budou určena v autorské doložce vydané spolu s dílem, popřípadě v návrhu na mimosoudní řešení sporu. Nebude-li stanoveno v autorské doložce jinak, na jakékoli spory se použije rozhodčí řád UNCITRAL.
Více informací.
Pokud jsou následující informace známé, musíte uvést: jméno autora a spoluautorů, informace o autorských právech, informace o licenci, prohlášení o vyloučení odpovědnosti a odkaz na dílo. Licence předcházející verzi 4.0 zároveň požadují, aby byl uveden název materiálu, pokud je znám, a mohou mít i další drobné odlišné požadavky.
Více informací.
Ve verzi 4.0 musíte uvést, zda jste dílo upravili a zároveň zachovat záznamy o předchozích úpravách. Ve verzi 3.0 a předešlých verzích licencí musíte zaznamenat změny pouze v případě, že jste vytvořili odvozené dílo.
Průvodce označením.
Více informací.
Můžete použít také licenci uvedenou jako kompatibilní v tomto seznamu: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Více informací.
Komerčním využitím se rozumí použít dílo za účelem obchodního zisku nebo peněžní odměny.
Více informací.
Pouhá změna formátu nikdy nevytváří odvozené dílo.
Více informací.
Tato licence zakazuje použití účinných technologických prostředků ve smyslu článku 11 Smlouvy WIPO o právu autorském.
Více informací.
Práva uživatelů díla plynoucí z volného užití díla nejsou licencí Creative Commons dotčena.
Více informací.
Je možné, že budete potřebovat získat další povolení, než budete moci dílo použít, jak máte v úmyslu.
Více informací.
Zjistěte více o licencích Creative Commons nebo použijte CC licenci pro vlastní dílo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.is
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Vísun til höfundar — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Vísa til uppruna þessa verks:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.tr
Bu özet asıl lisansın sadece ana hat ve kurallarını belirtir. Lisans değildir ve kanuni değer taşımaz. Lisanslanmış materyali kullanmadan önce orjinal lisanstaki tüm kural ve şartları dikkatle okumanız gerekir.
Creative Coomns bir hukuk firması değildir ve hukuki hizmet vermez. Bu özeti ya da bağlı olduğu lisansı dağıtmak, göstermek ya da linklemek bir avukat müvekkil ilişkisi yaratmaz.
Alıntı — uygun bilgiyi, lisansa linki, and ve değişiklik yapıldıysa değişiklik bilgisinivermelisiniz. Sizi veya kullanımınızı lisansörün onayladığı bilgisini içermemek kaydıyla, size uygun şekilde bu işlemleri gerçekleştirebilirsiniz.
Bu eserden alıntı yapın:
Uygulanabilir arabuluculuk kuralları eser ile beraber yayınlanan telif hakkı notunda yer alır, eğer yoksa arabuluculuk ihtiyacı not olarak eklenir. Esere bağlı bir telif hakkı bildirimi belirlenmemesi durumunda, UNCITRAL Tahkim Kuralları geçerlidir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Eğer sağlanmışsa, yaratıcısının ve alıntı gruplarının isimlerini, telif hakkı bildirimini, lisans uyarısını, gizlilik yönergesini ve esere linki sağlamanız gerekir. Sürüm 4.0'dan önceki CC lisansları eğer varsa eserin başlığının sağlanmasını, ve bazı küçük farklılıkları içermektedir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
4,0 ile materyali değiştirdiğiniz ve önceki değişiklikleri koruduğunuzu belirtmeniz gerekir. 3,0 ve önceki lisans sürümlerinde, değişikliklerin gösterilmesi sadece türetilen eserlerde gerekliydi.
İşaretleme rehberi.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Aynı zamanda uyumlu olarak listelenen lisanları da kullanabilirsiniz https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daha fazla bilgi.
Tticari kullanımı öncelikle ticari avantaj ya da maddi tazminat için tasarlanmıştır.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Formatta belli belirsiz değişiklik türetilmiş eser yaratmaz.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Bu lisans WIPO Copyright Treat 11 nolu maddede tanımlandığı şekliyle, etkili teknolojik önlemleri yasaklar.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Adil kullanım ve adil anlaşma gibi istisnalar ve kısıtlamalarla kullanıcıya verilen haklar CC lisansları tarafından etkilenemez.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Kullanmayı düşündüğünüz materyal için ek izinler almanız gerekebilir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
CC lisanslama hakkında daha fazla bilgi, ya da kendi materyaliniz için lisans kullanımı.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.sv
Denna sammanfattning uppmärksammar enbart vissa av de viktigaste inslagen och villkoren från den faktiska licensen. Den är inte en licens och har inget juridiskt värde. Du bör noggrant gå igenom alla villkor i den faktiska licensen innan du använder det licensierade materialet.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Erkännande — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Erkänn detta arbete:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mer information.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mer information.
I 4.0, måste du indikera om du har modifierat materialet samt behålla indikeringar på tidigare modifieringar. I 3.0 och tidigare licensversioner krävs indikering av ändringar endast om du skapar en bearbetning.
Marking guide.
Mer information.
Du kan även använd en licens som listas som likvärdig på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer information.
En kommersiell användning är en som främst är avsedd för kommersiell nytta eller monetär ersättning.
Mer information.
Att enbart ändra formatet skapar aldrig en bearbetning.
Mer information.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mer information.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mer information.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mer information.
Lär dig mer om CC-licensiering, eller använd licensen för ditt eget material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.fi
Tässä tiivistelmässä nostetaan esiin vain muutamia varsinaisen lisenssin tärkeimpiä ominaisuuksia ja ehtoja. Tiivistelmä ei ole lisenssi, eikä sillä ole oikeudellista merkitystä. Sinun tulee tutustua huolella varsinaisen lisenssin kaikkiin ehtoihin ennen lisensoidun aineiston käyttöä.
Creative Commons ei ole asianajo- tai lakiasiaintoimisto, eikä se tarjoa oikeudellisia palveluja. Tämän lisenssin tai sen tiivistelmän levitys tai näyttäminen taikka niihin linkittäminen ei luo toimeksianto- eikä muutakaan suhdetta.
Nimeä — Sinun on mainittava lähde asianmukaisesti, tarjottava linkki lisenssiin sekä merkittävä, mikäli olet tehnyt muutoksia. Voit tehdä yllä olevan millä tahansa kohtuullisella tavalla, mutta et siten, että annat ymmärtää lisenssinantajan suosittelevan sinua tai teoksen käyttöäsi.
Mainitse tekijän nimi:
Sovellettavat sovittelusäännöt ilmoitetaan teoksen yhteydessä julkaistussa tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä tai sellaisen puuttuessa sovittelupyynnön yhteydessä. Ellei teoksen tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä muuta ilmoiteta, kaikkiin välitysmenettelyihin sovelletaan YK:n kansainvälisen kauppaoikeuden toimikunnan (UNICITRAL) välimiessääntöjä.
Lisätietoja.
Sikäli kuin nämä tiedot on annettu, sinun on pidettävä näkyvillä tekijän nimi ja muut nimettäväksi mainitut tahot, tekijänoikeusmerkintä, lisenssimerkintä, vastuuvapauslauseke sekä linkki aineistoon. CC-lisenssin versiota 4.0 varhaisemmat versiot edellyttävät myös aineiston nimikkeen mainitsemista ja saattavat sisältää myös muita pieniä eroavaisuuksia.
Lisätietoja.
Version 4.0 mukaan sinun on merkittävä, mikäli olet muokannut aineistoa, sekä säilyttää tiedot aiemmista muokkauksista. Versiossa 3.0 ja aiemmissa versioissa muutokset on mainittava vain, jos itse luot johdannaisteoksen.
Merkitsemisopas.
Lisätietoja.
Voit käyttää myös sellaista yhteensopivaksi luettua lisenssiä, joka on mainittu osoitteessa https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Lisätietoja.
Kaupallinen käyttö tarkoittaa tarkoittaa käyttöä, joka ei ole pääasiassa tarkoitettu kaupallisen hyödyn tai rahallisen korvauksen tavoitteluun.
Lisätietoja.
Pelkkää formaatin muuttamista ei pidetä johdannaisteoksen luomisena.
Lisätietoja.
Lisenssi kieltää tehokkaiden teknisten toimenpiteiden käytön, viitaten WIPO:n tekijänoikeussopimuksen 11 artiklan määritelmään.
Lisätietoja.
CC-lisenssit eivät vaikuta sellaisiin käyttäjän oikeuksiin, jotka perustuvat erityisiin poikkeuksiin tai rajoituksiin, kuten esimerkiksi fair use tai fair dealing -poikkeuksiin.
Lisätietoja.
Voit mahdollisesti tarvita lisälupia, jotta voit käyttää aineistoa haluamallasi tavalla.
Lisätietoja.
Lue lisää CC-lisensoinnista tai käytä tätä lisenssiä omaan aineistoosi.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.fi
Creative Commons
Creative Commons Corporation (”Creative Commons”) ei ole asianajo- tai lakiasiaintoimisto, eikä se tarjoa oikeudellisia palveluja tai neuvoja. Creative Commonsin julkisten lisenssien levittäminen ei luo toimeksianto- eikä muutakaan suhdetta. Creative Commons tarjoaa lisenssinsä ja niihin liittyvät tiedot ”sellaisena kuin ne ovat”. Creative Commons ei anna mitään takuita liittyen lisensseihinsä tai niillä julkaistuihin aineistoihin taikka muihin liitännäisiin tietoihin eikä ota mitään vastuuta vahingoista, jotka aiheutuvat niiden käytöstä, siinä määrin kuin laki tällaisen määräyksen sallii.
Creative Commonsin Julkisten Lisenssien käyttö
Creative Commonsin julkiset lisenssit tarjoavat vakioidut ehdot, joita teosten luojat ja muut oikeudenhaltijat voivat käyttää jakaakseen luomistyönsä itsenäisiä ja omaperäisiä tuloksia sekä muita tekijänoikeuden ja tiettyjen muiden alla olevassa julkisessa lisenssissä määriteltyjen oikeuksien alaisia sisältöjä ja aineistoja. Seuraavat huomiot on tarkoitettu vain tiedoksi, eivätkä ne ole tyhjentäviä eivätkä muodosta osaa lisensseistämme.
Käyttämällä Lisensoituja Oikeuksia (määritelty alla) Sinä hyväksyt tämän Creative Commons Nimeä 4.0 Kansainvälisen Julkisen Lisenssin (”Julkinen Lisenssi”) ehdot ja sitoudut noudattamaan niitä. Siinä laajuudessa kuin tämä Julkinen Lisenssi voidaan tulkita sopimukseksi, Lisensoidut Oikeudet myönnetään Sinulle vastineena siitä, että Sinä hyväksyt nämä ehdot, ja Lisenssinantaja myöntää Sinulle kyseiset oikeudet vastineena niistä eduista, jotka Lisenssinantaja saa asettamalla Lisensoidun Aineiston saataville näillä ehdoilla.
Osa 1 – Määritelmät.
Osa 2 – Lisenssin laajuus.
Muut oikeudet.
Osa 3 – Lisenssin ehdot.
Sinun Lisensoitujen Oikeuksien käyttöösi sovelletaan nimenomaisesti seuraavia ehtoja.
Nimeä.
Jos Sinä Jaat Lisensoitua Aineistoa (mukaan lukien muokatussa muodossa), Sinun tulee:
Osa 4 – Sui Generis Tietokantaoikeudet.
Sikäli kuin Lisensoidut Oikeudet sisältävät Sui Generis Tietokantaoikeuksia, jotka koskevat Sinun Lisensoidun Aineiston käyttöäsi:
Osa 5 – Takuun rajoitus ja vastuunrajoituslauseke.
Osa 6 – Voimassaoloaika ja päättyminen.
Sikäli kuin Sinun oikeutesi käyttää Lisensoitua Aineistoa on päättynyt kohdan 6(a) nojalla, se palautuu:
Osa 7 – Muut ehdot.
Osa 8 – Tulkinta.
Creative Commons ei ole julkisten lisenssiensä osapuoli. Siitä huolimatta Creative Commons voi päättää asettaa julkaisemaansa aineistoa saataville jollakin julkisista lisensseistään, jolloin tällaisissa tapauksissa sen katsotaan olevan “Lisenssinantaja”. Creative Commonsin julkisten lisenssien teksti on asetettu vapaaseen yleiseen käyttöön (public domain) CC0 Public Domain -lausuman mukaisesti. Creative Commons ei salli ilman etukäteistä kirjallista suostumusta tavaramerkkinsä “Creative Commons” tai minkään muunkaan tavaramerkin taikka Creative Commons -logon käyttöä, mukaan lukien tapauksissa, joissa Creative Commonsin julkisia lisenssejä on luvatta muunneltu, tai liittyen mihin tahansa muihin järjestelyihin, yhteisymmärryksiin tai sopimuksiin, jotka koskevat lisensoidun materiaalin käyttöä. Edellisessä virkkeessä sanottu ei kuitenkaan koske niitä rajoitettuja tapauksia, joissa tarkoitus on ilmaista materiaalin olevan lisensoitu Creative Commonsin julkisella lisenssillä tai joissa käyttö on muutoin Creative Commonsin osoitteessa creativecommons.org/policies julkaisemien käytännesääntöjen sallimaa. Selvyyden vuoksi todettakoon, että tämä kappale ei ole osa Creative Commonsin julkisia lisenssejä. Creative Commonsiin voi ottaa yhteyttä osoitteessa creativecommons.org.
Saatavilla muilla kielillä: English, Nederlands, Norsk. Lisätietoa virallisista käännöksistä FAQ-sivulla.
« Takaisin lisenssin tiivistelmäsivulle

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.no
Creative Commons
Creative Commons Corporation («Creative Commons») er ikke et advokatfirma og tilbyr ikke juridiske tjenester eller juridisk rådgivning. Distribusjon av Creative Commons’ offentlige lisenser skaper ikke et advokat-klientforhold eller noe annet forhold. Creative Commons gjør sine lisenser og tilhørende informasjon tilgjengelig «som de er». Creative Commons gir ingen garantier for sine lisenser, materiale som er lisensiert under de vilkår og betingelser som framgår av lisensene, eller tilhørende informasjon. Creative Commons frasier seg, så langt som det er mulig, alt ansvar for skade som følger av bruken.
Bruk av Creative Commons offentlige lisenser
Creative Commons offentlige lisenser tilbyr et sett av et standard sett av vilkår og betingelser som opphavspersoner og andre rettighetshavere kan bruke til å dele originale verk og annet materiale underlagt opphavsrett og visse andre rettigheter, som spesifisert i den offentlige lisensen nedenfor. De påfølgende hensyn er kun til informasjon, er ikke uttømmende, og utgjør ikke en del av våre lisenser.
Ved å benytte de Lisensierte Rettigheter (definert nedenfor), er Du enig i og aksepterer å være forpliktet av de vilkår og betingelser som fremgår av denne Creative Commons Navngivelse 4.0 Internasjonal Offentlige Lisens («Offentlige Lisens»). I den utstrekning denne Offentlige Lisensen kan tolkes som en kontrakt er Du tildelt disse Lisensierte Rettigheter som motytelse for at Du aksepterer disse vilkår og betingelser, og Lisensgiveren tildeler deg slike rettigheter som motytelse for de fordeler Lisensgiveren får ved å gjøre det Lisensierte Materialet tilgjengelig under disse vilkår og betingelser.
Del 1 – Definisjoner.
Del 2 – Virkefelt.
Andre rettigheter.
Del 3 – Lisensbetingelser.
Din utøvelse av de Lisensierte Rettighetene er uttrykkelig gjenstand for følgende betingelser.
Navngivelse.
Dersom Du Deler det Lisensierte Materialet (også i endret utgave), må Du:
Del 4 – Sui Generis Databaserettigheter.
Der de Lisensierte Rettighetene omfatter Sui Generis Databaserettigheter som gjelder for Din bruk av det Lisensierte Materialet:
Del 5 – Garantifraskrivelse og ansvarsbegrensing.
Del 6 – Varighet og Opphør.
Dersom Din rett til å bruke det Lisensierte Materialet har opphørt under avsnitt 6(a), vil den gjeninnsettes:
Del 7 – Andre Vilkår og Betingelser.
Del 8 – Tolkning.
Creative Commons er ikke en part i noen av sine offentlige lisenser. Likevel, Creative Commons kan velge å benytte en av sine lisenser på materiale som det publiserer og i de tilfellene vil Creative Commons å være å anse som «Lisensgiveren». Teksten i Creative Commons offentlige lisenser erklæres å være i det fri som beskrevet i CC0 Fristatus-erklæringen. Bortsett fra for det begrensede formål å indikere at materialet er delt under en Creative Commons offentlig lisens, eller som forøvrig tillatt av Creative Commons’ retningslinjer publisert på creativecommons.org/policies, tillater Creative Commons ikke bruk av varemerket «Creative Commons» eller noe annet varemerke eller logo tilhørende Creative Commons uten at det på forhånd foreligger skriftlig samtykke, inkludert, uten avgrensning, i forbindelse med uautoriserte endringer i noen av de offentlige lisensene eller i noen annen ordning, forståelse, eller avtale som angår bruk av lisensiert materiale. For å unngå tvil, dette avsnittet ikke en del av den offentlige lisensen. Creative Commons kan bli kontaktet på creativecommons.org.
Andre språk tilgjengelig: English, Nederlands, Suomeksi. Vennligst les vår FAQ for mer informasjon om offisielle oversettelser.
« Tilbake til sammendraget (Commons Deed)

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.nl
Creative Commons
Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is geen advocatenpraktijk en verleent geen juridische diensten of juridisch advies. De verspreiding van Creative Commons publieke licenties roept geen juridische of andere relatie met Creative Commons in het leven. Creative Commons verspreidt haar licenties en gerelateerde informatie ‘zonder garantie’. Creative Commons biedt geen garanties met betrekking tot haar licenties, staat niet in voor de inhoud van de verstrekte informatie, het materiaal verstrekt onder deze voorwaarden en condities of enige gerelateerde informatie. Voor zover mogelijk sluit Creative Commons alle aansprakelijkheid uit voor enigerlei schade voortvloeiend uit het gebruik van de verstrekte informatie, het materiaal verstrekt onder deze voorwaarden en condities of enige gerelateerde informatie.
Het gebruik van Creative Commons Publieke Licenties
Creative Commons publieke licenties bieden een standaard set voorwaarden en condities die makers en andere rechthebbenden kunnen gebruiken om originele auteurswerken en ander materiaal waar auteursrecht en bepaalde andere rechten op rusten te delen zoals gespecificeerd in de publieke licentie hieronder. De volgende overwegingen zijn alleen bedoeld voor informatieve doeleinden, zijn niet uitputtend en maken geen deel uit van onze licenties.
Door het uitoefenen van de door de licentie verleende rechten (zoals hieronder omschreven), ga Je akkoord met de voorwaarden en condities van deze Creative Commons Naamsvermelding 4.0 Internationale Publieke Licentie (“Publieke Licentie”). Voor zover deze Publieke Licentie geïnterpreteerd kan worden als een contract, worden Jou de gelicenseerde rechten verleend met inachtneming van Jouw aanvaarding van deze voorwaarden en condities, en de Licentiegever verleent Jou deze rechten met inachtneming van de voordelen die de Licentiegever ontvangt door het beschikbaar stellen van het Gelicenseerde Materiaal onder deze voorwaarden en condities.
Artikel 1 – Definities.
Artikel 2 – Omvang.
Andere rechten.
Artikel 3 – Licentievoorwaarden.
Jouw uitoefening van de Gelicenseerde Rechten is uitdrukkelijk onderworpen aan de volgende voorwaarden.
Naamsvermelding.
Als Je het Gelicenseerde Materiaal Deelt (inclusief in aangepaste vorm), ben Je verplicht:
Artikel 4 – Sui Generis Databankenrechten.
Waar de Gelicenseerde Rechten, Sui Generis Databankenrechten omvatten is bij het gebruik van het Gelicenseerde Materiaal door Jou van toepassing:
Artikel 5 – Uitsluiting van garanties en beperking van aansprakelijkheid.
Artikel 6 – Termijn en beëindiging.
Waar Jouw recht van gebruik op het Gelicenseerde Materiaal ingevolge van Artikel 6(a) is geëindigd, wordt dit hersteld:
Artikel 7 – Andere voorwaarden en condities.
Artikel 8 – Interpretatie.
Creative Commons is geen partij bij haar publieke licenties. Niettegenstaande kan Creative Commons er voor kiezen een van de publieke licenties toe te passen op materiaal dat het zelf publiceert, en in die gevallen zal Creative Commons beschouwd worden als de ‘Licentiegever’. De tekst van de Creative Commons publieke licenties is toegewijd aan het publieke domein onder de Creative Commons CC0 Publieke Domein Afstandsverklaring. Met uitzondering van het beperkte doel om kenbaar te maken dat materiaal onder een Creative Commons Publieke Licentie is vrijgegeven, of anderszins is toegestaan op grond van het beleid van Creative Commons gepubliceerd op creativecommons.org/policies, geeft Creative Commons geen toestemming voor het gebruik van het merk “Creative Commons” of enig ander merk of logo van Creative Commons zonder voorafgaande schriftelijke toestemming inclusief, zonder beperking, in verband met ongeautoriseerde wijzigingen aan een van haar openbare licenties of alle andere regelingen, afspraken of overeenkomsten met betrekking tot het gebruik van gelicenseerde materiaal. Om twijfel te voorkomen, deze paragraaf maakt geen deel uit van de publieke licenties. Creative Commons kan gecontacteerd worden op creativecommons.org.
Additionele talen beschikbaar: English, Norsk, suomeksi. Lees de FAQ voor meer informatie over officiële vertalingen.
« Terug naar de Commons Deed


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode.nl
Creative Commons
In het recht van de meeste landen wordt het exclusieve Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten (zoals hieronder omschreven) automatisch toegekend aan de maker en de opeenvolgende rechthebbende(n) (hierna gezamenlijk en afzonderlijk aangeduid als "rechthebbende") op een oorspronkelijk auteursrechtelijk beschermd werk en/of databank (hierna aangeduid als een "Werk").
Sommige rechthebbenden wensen afstand te doen van hun rechten op een Werk om zo een bijdrage te leveren aan een gemeenschap van vrij toegankelijke creatieve, culturele en wetenschappelijke werken ("Commons"), dat iedereen kan bewerken, aanpassen, opnemen in andere werken, hergebruiken of herdistribueren, ongeacht het doel, inclusief (maar niet beperkt tot) voor commerciële doeleinden, zonder bang te hoeven zijn dat deze rechten worden geschonden. De rechthebbenden kunnen bijvoorbeeld hun Werk beschikbaar stellen aan de Commons om het idee van een vrije cultuur en de productie van creatieve, culturele en wetenschappelijke werken te promoten, of om grotere bekendheid te geven aan hun Werk of de verspreiding ervan bevorderen, deels door het gebruik en de inspanningen van anderen.
Voor deze en/of andere doeleinden en redenen, en zonder aanspraak te maken op een aanvullende tegenprestatie of vergoeding, kiest degene die CC0 in verband brengt met een Werk (de "Bekrachtiger") er vrijwillig voor, voor zover hij of zij houder is van het Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten op het Werk, om CC0 op het Werk van toepassing te verklaren en het Werk in het publieke domein te brengen, onder de voorwaarden van CC0, en met inachtneming van zijn of haar Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten op het Werk en van de betekenis en desbetreffende juridische gevolgen van CC0 voor die rechten.
1. Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten. Op een Werk dat op grond van CC0 beschikbaar is gesteld, kunnen auteursrecht en aanverwante of naburige rechten rusten ("Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten"). Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten omvatten maar zijn niet beperkt tot:
2. Afstandsverklaring. Voor zover dit is toegestaan onder en niet in strijd is met het toepasselijke recht, doet Bekrachtiger hierbij uitdrukkelijk, volledig, permanent, onherroepelijk en onvoorwaardelijk afstand van al zijn/haar Auteursrechten en Aanverwante Rechten en van alle daarmee verband houdende vorderingen en gerechtelijke procedures, hetzij bekend of onbekend (en zowel bestaande als toekomstige vorderingen en gerechtelijke procedures), op het Werk en geeft deze op (i) in alle rechtsgebieden ter wereld, (ii) voor de maximale duur toegestaan krachtens het toepasselijke recht of verdrag (inclusief toekomstige verlengingen daarvan), (iii) in elk bestaand of in de toekomst te ontwikkelen medium en ongeacht het aantal kopieën, en (iv) ongeacht het doeleinde, daaronder begrepen maar niet beperkt tot commerciële, reclame of promotionele doeleinden (de "Afstandsverklaring"). Bekrachtiger doet deze Afstandsverklaring ten behoeve van het publieke domein en ten nadele van zijn/haar erfgenamen en rechtsopvolgers, met de volledige intentie deze Afstandsverklaring niet te herroepen, ontbinden, annuleren of beëindigen, en verklaart dat met betrekking daartoe geen rechtsvordering of andere gerechtelijke actie zal worden ingesteld die het ongestoord genot van het Werk door het publiek, zoals overwogen in de expliciete Doelverklaring van Bekrachtiger, zou kunnen verstoren.
3. Publieke Licentie. Als enig deel van de Afstandsverklaring onder het toepasselijke recht, om wat voor reden ook nietig of niet rechtsgeldig worden verklaard, dan blijft de Afstandsverklaring overigens zoveel mogelijk van kracht, met inachtneming van de expliciete Doelverklaring van Bekrachtiger. Daarnaast verleent Bekrachtiger, indien het bovenstaande met betrekking tot de Afstandsverklaring wordt verklaard, elke getroffen persoon een royaltyvrije, niet-overdraagbare, niet-sublicensieerbare, niet-exclusieve, onherroepelijke en onvoorwaardelijke licentie om het Auteursrecht en de Aanverwante Rechten van Bekrachtiger op het Werk uit te oefenen (i) in alle rechtsgebieden ter wereld, (ii) voor de maximale duur toegestaan krachtens het toepasselijke recht of verdrag (inclusief toekomstige verlengingen daarvan), (iii) in elk bestaand of in de toekomst te ontwikkelen medium en ongeacht het aantal kopieën, en (iv) ongeacht het doeleinde, daaronder begrepen maar niet beperkt tot commerciële, reclame of promotionele doeleinden (de "Licentie"). De Licentie wordt geacht van kracht te zijn met ingang van de datum waarop Bekrachtiger CC0 van toepassing heeft verklaard op het Werk. Als enig deel van de Licentie onder het toepasselijke recht om wat voor reden ook nietig of niet rechtsgeldig wordt verklaard, dan tast deze gedeeltelijke nietigheid of niet-rechtsgeldigheid de rest van de Licentie niet aan en in dat geval bevestigt Bekrachtiger hierbij dat hij/zij (i) zijn/haar rechten op het resterende Auteursrecht en Aanverwante Rechten op het Werk niet zal uitoefenen, of (ii) geen verwante rechtsvorderingen en gerechtelijke procedures met betrekking tot het Werk zal instellen, in beide gevallen in afwijking van de uitdrukkelijke Doelverklaring van Bekrachtiger.
4. Beperkingen en Verklaringen.
« terug naar de Commons Deed

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
The Commons Deed is not a legal instrument. It is simply a handy reference for understanding the CC0 Legal Code, a human-readable expression of some of its key terms. Think of it as the user-friendly interface to the CC0 Legal Code beneath. This Deed itself has no legal value, and its contents do not appear in CC0.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this Commons Deed does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Creative Commons has not verified the copyright status of any work to which CC0 has been applied. CC makes no warranties about any work or its copyright status in any jurisdiction, and disclaims all liability for all uses of any work.
The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.
You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.
The use of a work free of known copyright restrictions may be otherwise regulated or limited. The work or its use may be subject to personal data protection laws, publicity, image, or privacy rights that allow a person to control how their voice, image or likeness is used, or other restrictions or limitations under applicable law.
Learn more.
In some jurisdictions, wrongfully implying that an author, publisher or anyone else endorses your use of a work may be unlawful.
Learn more.
Copy and paste the HTML provided into your webpage to easily cite this work.
Learn more
The affirmer is the person who surrendered rights to the work worldwide using CC0, to the extent allowable by law. It may be the original author of the work or another person who may have had some copyright or related or neighboring legal rights in the work.
Use this tool for your own work.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ko
일반권리증서(The Commons Deed) 는 법률 문서는 아닙니다. CC0 이용허락규약의 주요용어를 이해하기 쉽게 풀이한 유용한 참고 문서입니다. CC0 이용허락규약의 사용자친화적 인터페이스 버전이라고 생각하시면 됩니다. 이 증서 자체는 법적 효력이 없으며 여기에 적힌 내용은 CC0에는 들어있지 않습니다.
크리에이티브 커먼즈는 법률 회사가 아니며 법률 서비스를 제공하지 않습니다. 일반권리증서를 배포, 제시하거나 링크를 거는 행위는 법률 관계를 발생시키지 않습니다.
크리에이티브 커먼즈는 어떠한 경우에도 CC0가 적용된 저작물의 저작권 상태를 검증하지 않습니다. 크리에이티브 커먼즈는 저작물이나 해당 저작권에 대해 어떠한 재판관할에서도 보증하지 않으며, 저작물의 사용에 관하여 일체의 책임을 지지 않습니다.
저작물에 이 일반권리증서를 첨부한 자는 법이 정한 범위 내에서 저작인접권을 포함해 저작권법에 따라 전세계적으로 해당 저작물에 대해 자신이 갖는 일체의 권리를 포기함으로써 저작물을 퍼블릭 도메인으로 양도하였습니다.
저작권자의 허락을 구하지 않아도 이 저작물을 상업적인 목적을 포함 모든 목적으로 복사, 수정, 배포, 실연하실 수 있습니다. 아래의 기타 정보를 참고하세요.
저작권 규제로부터 자유로운 저작물을 이용하는 경우가 아닌 한 저작물의 이용은 규제를 받거나 이용에 제한이 있을 수 있습니다. 저작물 및 저작물의 이용은 개인의 목소리, 이미지, 초상의 이용 또는 그 밖에 관련법에서 정하는 제약이나 제한에 있어 본인의 결정권을 보장하는 개인정보보호법, 퍼블리시티권, 초상권, 프라이버시권의 적용을 받을 수 있습니다.
자세히 보기.
어떤 재판관할에서는 저작자, 출판자 및 그 밖에 누군가가 당신에게 해당 저작물의 사용을 허가한 것으로 허위로 암시하는 것은 불법일 수 있습니다.
자세히 보기.
이 HTML을 복사한 후 웹페이지에 붙여넣어 간단하게 저작물을 인용할 수 있습니다.
자세히 보기
공표자는 CC0를 사용하여 법이 허용하는 한도 내에서 전세계에서 해당 저작물에 대한 모든 권리를 포기한 사람입니다. 공표자는 저작물의 원저작자, 저작물에 대한 일부 저작권 또는 저작인접권을 갖는 자가 될 수 있습니다.
귀하의 저작물에 이 도구를 사용하십시오.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.zh_TW
本共享標章並非一份法律文件。它只是一份瞭解CC0法律條款的參考文件，提供其中某些關鍵用語的簡要說明。請把此共享標章看作是CC0法律條款的使用者友善界面。此標章本身不具法律價值，且其內容並不出現在CC0中。
創用CC不是法律事務所，亦不提供法律服務。散布、展示或連結到本共享標章並不產生律師和客戶的關係。
創用CC並未對適用CC0宣告之作品，進行著作權利狀態的驗證。創用CC對任何作品或其著作權利狀態在各個司法管轄領域下的認定，不負擔保之責，並免除所有使用行為於任何作品上產生的所有責任。
以著作結合本標章之人，代表在法律許可的範圍內，拋棄該著作依著作權法所享有之權利，包括所有相關與鄰接的法律權利，並宣告將該著作貢獻至公眾領域。
你可以複製、修改、發布或展示此作品，亦可進行商業利用，完全不需要經過許可，請參考下面的其他資訊。
使用無已知著作權利限制的作品仍可能受到其他權利規範或法令限制。作品或其使用可能涉及個人資料保護法，形象權、影像權、或隱私權等規範，在這些權利的規範下，人們可控制他們的聲音、影像或其他相類物如何被利用，又或者現行法令亦可能直接明定其他的拘束或限制。
瞭解更多資訊.
在某些司法官轄區，故意/惡意地暗示某作者，出版者或任何人，為你使用此作品的行為背書，可能是非法的。
瞭解更多資訊.
複製並貼上此處的HTML碼至你的網頁以便利此著作的引用。
瞭解更多資訊
宣告者 (affirmer) 是在法律適用的最大範圍內，使用CC0全球性拋棄其著作權利之人。其可能是著作之原始作者，或其他對該著作擁有著作權或相關鄰接權利之人。
將你自己的著作採用這個條款，宣告讓他人使用。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ja
コモンズ証は法律上の契約文書などではありません。それは単にCC0のリーガルコードを理解するための手軽な資料、いくつかの鍵となる条項を人にわかるように表現したものに過ぎません。この下にあるCC0のリーガルコードに対するユーザーフレンドリーなインターフェースだと考えてください。この証書は法律的な意味を持たず、内容はCC0に登場しません。
クリエイティブ・コモンズは法律事務所ではなく、法律業務を提供するものではありません。 この文書の配布は、法律家と依頼者の関係性を形成するものではありません。
クリエイティブ・コモンズは、CC0が適用されているいかなる作品の著作権のステータスも確認していません。クリエイティブ・コモンズは、CCはいかなる作品や作品のいかなる管轄地における著作権のステータスについても、何の保証も行わず、いかなる作品についても全ての利用についていかなる責任も負いません。
ある作品に本コモンズ証を関連づけた者は、その作品について世界全地域において著作権法上認められる、その者が持つすべての権利（その作品に関する権利や隣接する権利を含む。）を、法令上認められる最大限の範囲で放棄して、パブリック・ドメインに提供しています。
この作品は、たとえ営利目的であっても、許可を得ずに複製、改変・翻案、配布、上演・演奏することが出来ます。下記のその他の情報も参照して下さい。
既知の著作権の制約を受けない作品の利用は、他の理由で規制・制約されている場合があります。作品やその利用はパーソナル・データの保護に関する法、パブリシティ、肖像、プライバシーなどの権利によって個人が声、イメージ、似姿などがどのように利用されるかをコントロールできる場合があり、他の適用可能な法律によって制約や制限がある場合があります。
もっと詳しく.
著作者、出版者、あるいはその他の者があなたの本作品の利用を支持しているかのように不正に示唆することは、国や管轄地によっては法に反することがあります。
もっと詳しく.
この作品を簡単に引用するには、こちらのHTMLコードをあなたのウェブページへ組み込んでください。
もっと詳しく
確約者とは、CC0 を使って、法律で許されている限りの権利を世界中で放棄した人のことです。その作品の著作者か、著作権や関連または隣接する法律上の権利を作品について持っていた人である場合があります。
このツールをあなた自身の作品に利用する


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.fa
سند کامنز یک سند قانونی نیست. به طور ساده یک مرجع سودمند برای فهم کد قانونی کریتیو کامنز 0، یک عبارت قابل فهم برای انسان از چند شرط کلیدیش است. آن را به چشم رابط کاربرپسند برای کد قانونی کریتیو کامنز 0 کوچک‌تر ببینید. این سند خودش هیچ ارزش قانونی ندارد، و محتوایش در کریتیو کامنز 0 ظاهر نمی‌شود.
کریتیو کامنز یک شرکت قانونی نیست و خدمات قانونی ارائه نمی‌کند. توزیع‌کردن، نمایش‌دادن، یا پیوند‌دادن به این سند کامنز یک ارتباط مشتری-وکیل نمی‌سازد.
کریتیو کامنز وضعیت حق تکثیر هیچ سندی که کریتیو کامنز 0 برای آن اعمال شده‌است را تأیید نمی‌کند. کریتیو کامنز هیچ ضمانی درباره هر اثر یا وضعیت حق تکثیرش در هیچ حوزهٔ قضایی نمی‌کند، و همه مسئولیت همه استفاده‌ها از هر اثر را رد می‌کند.
شخصی که یک اثر را با این سند مربوط بسازد اثر را به مالکیت عمومی با چشم‌پوشی از همه حقوقش سراسر دنیا برای این اثر تحت قانون حق تکثیر، شامل همه حقوق همجوار و مرتبط اختصاص می‌دهد، تا جایی که قانون مربوطه اجازه می‌دهد.
شما می‌توانید از اثر نسخه‌برداری کنید، آن را تغییر دهید، توزیع کنید و نمایش دهید، حتی برای اهداف تجاری، بدون گرفتن اجازه. اطلاعات دیگر را در زیر ببینید.
استفاده از یک اثر آزاد از محدودیت‌های حق تکثیر شناخته‌شده ممکن است طور دیگر محدود یا تنظیم شده باشد. اثر یا استفاده‌اش ممکن است در معرض حقوق قوانین حفاظت از داده‌های شخصی، تبلیغات، تصویر، یا حریم خصوصی باشد که به شخص اجازه بررسی چگونگی استفاده صدا، تصویر یا همانندی اجازه می‌دهد، یا دیگر محدودیت‌ها تحت قانون اجراشدنی.
بیشتر بدانید.
در چند حوزهٔ قضایی، به اشتباه اشاره‌کردن که یک نویسنده، ناشر یا هرکس دیگر استفاده شما از یک اثر را تأیید می‌کند می‌تواند غیرقانونی باشد.
بیشتر بدانید.
از اچ‌تی‌ام‌ال تهیه‌شده نسخه‌برداری کنید و آن را برای راحتی در استنادکردن به این اثر به صفحه وب‌تان بچسبانید.
بیشتر بدانید
تأییدکننده شخصی است که قوانین را به اثر با استفاده از کریتیو کامنز 0، تا میزان مجاز به موجب قانون سراسری واگذار کرده‌است. ممکن است نویسنده اصلی اثر یا شخصی دیگر باشد که ممکن است چند حق تکثیر یا مرتبط یا قوانین قانونی همجوار در این اثر داشته باشد.
استفاده از این ابزار برای آثارتان

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ar
سند المشاع الإبداعي ليس رخصة قانونية، بل هو مرجع مبسط لفهم النص القانوني لرخصة المشاع الابداعي CC0، وشرح سهل لبعض مواده الرئيسية. يمكن اعتباره كهيئة مبسطة للنص القانوني لرخصة CC0. إن هذا السند نفسه ليس له قيمة قانونية، ومحتوياته ليست موجودة في CC0.
مؤسسة المشاع الابداعي ليست شركة محاماة ولا تقدم خدمات القانونية. إن توزيع، أو عرض، أو الإحالة إلى سند المشاع لا يُنشئ أي علاقة وكالة قانونية.
لا تتحقق مؤسسة المشاع الإبداعي من الوضع القانوني لحقوق التأليف والنشر الخاصة بأي عمل يستخدم CC0. كذلك لا تقدم أي ضمانات لأي عمل أو الوضع القانوني لحقوق التأليف والنشر له في أي نظام قانوني، وتنفي أي مسئولية حول جميع الاستخدامات لأي مصنف.
حين يقوم شخص بربط أو إرفاق المصنف بهذا السند فإنه يخصص العمل للملك العام بالتنازل عن كل حقوقه على العمل لكل الناس تحت قانون حقوق النسخ، بما في ذلك كل الحقوق المجاورة، إلى أقصى حد يسمح به القانون.
يمكنك نسخ، توزيع، وتعديل العمل لأي غرض، بما في ذلك الأغراض التجارية دون إذن. انظر بالأسفل لمزيد من المعلومات.
أي استخدام لعملٍ خالٍ من قيود حقوق المؤلف المعروفة قد يكون مقنناً أو مقيداً. إذ أن العمل أو استخدامه قد يخضع لقوانين حماية المعلومات، الحقوق الشخصية، الشهرة، حقوق السمعة، أو حقوق الخصوصية التي تسمح للفرد بالتحكم في كيفية استغلال صوته، سمعته، أو شهرته، وأي قيود أو حدود أخرى يفرضها القانون.
اعرف المزيد.
في بعض الأنظمة القانونية، الادعاء الخاطئ بأن المؤلف، أو الناشر، أو أي شخص يدعم عملك قد لا يكون مخالفاً للقانون.
اعرف المزيد.
انسخ والصق نص HTML إلى صفحة الويب الخاصة بك لاستخدام هذا العمل.
اعرف المزيد
المتنازل هو الشخص الذي تنازل عن المصنف في جميع أنحاء العالم باستخدام CC0، إلى حد المسموح به من قبل القانون.
استخدم هذه الأداة لعملك.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.uk
"Короткий виклад" (The Commons Deed) не є юридичним інструментом. Це всього лише зручний засіб для розуміння повного юридичного тексту СС0 (СС0 Legal Code), викладені зрозумілою пересічній людині мовою формулювання деяких ключових умов. Цей виклад сам по собі не має юридичної сили, і його текст не є власне текстом угоди.
Creative Commons не є юридичною фірмою і не надає юридичні послуги. Розповсюдження, демонстрування, посилання на цей Короткий виклад не утворює відносин стосовно надання юридичних послуг.
Creative Commons не перевіряє правовий статус творів, до яких застосовується СС0. CC не надає жодних гарантій стосовно чинності авторського права на твір в різних юрисдикціях, і не несе відповідальності за будь-яке використання будь-якого твору.
Особа, котра приєдала до твору цей Короткий виклад передала твір в суспільне надбання шляхом відмови від всіх її прав на твір по всьому світу, котра вона мала за законами про авторське право, включаючи всі суміжні права, в тій мірі, в якій це можливо за законом.
Ви можете копіювати, розповсюджувати і виконувати твір, навіть в комерційних цілях, не запитуючи дозволу. Дивіться Інша інформація нижче.
Використання твору, вільного від авторськоправового захисту, може регулюватись або бути обмеженим іншими законами. Твір або його використання може бути об'єктом законів про захист персональних даних, публічності, зображення особи або приватного життя, котрі дозволяють особі контролювати те, як його голос, зображення або образ використовуються, або ж інших заборон і обмежень згідно чинного права.
Дізнатися більше.
В деяких юриздикціях помилкове твердження того, що автор, видавець чи ще хтось підтримує використання вами твору може бути протизаконним.
Дізнатися більше.
Скопіюйте і вставте наведений HTML-код на вашу сторінку щоб просто процитувати цей твір.
Дізнатися більше
Особа, що підтверджує статус твору - це особа, що, в мірі дозволеній законом, відмовилися від всіх прав на твір за допомогою СС0. Це може бути автор твору чи інша особа, що може мати певні авторські або суміжні права на твір.
Використати цей інструмент для свого власного твору.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ru
Краткое описание (Commons Deed) не является юридическим инструментом. Это простое описание лицензии CC0, написанное доступным языком изложение некоторых основных её положений. Представьте его как дружественный интерфейс к тексту лицензии CC0. Сам по себе этот документ не обладает правовой силой, его содержимое не входит в состав лицензии CC0.
Creative Commons не является юридической компанией и не предоставляет юридических услуг. Распространение, отображение, либо цитирование этого «Краткого описания» (Commons Deed) не создаёт предмета отношений по типу юрист-клиент.
Creative Commons не заверяют правовой статус любого произведения, к которому применяется лицензия CC0. CC не дают никаких гарантий по поводу любого произведения, либо его правового статуса под любой юрисдикцией, и отрицают любую ответственность за какое-либо использование использование любого произведения.
Лицо, которое связало произведение с этим Кратким описанием (Commons Deed), передало произведение в общественное достояние путём отказа от всех своих прав на произведение по всему миру в рамках законодательства об авторских правах, включая все связанные и смежные права, которые он или она имеют по отношению к данному произведению, в той степени, в которой это допускается законом.
Вы можете копировать, изменять, распространять и исполнять данное произведение, даже в коммерческих целях, всё не спрашивая разрешения. См. Другую информацию ниже.
Использование произведения, свободного от известных ограничений авторского права может иначе регулироваться или быть ограниченым. Произведение или его использование может быть объектом законов о защите персональных данных, законов публичности, образа или конфиденциальности, которые позволяют лицу контролировать то, как его голос, изображение или его подобие используется, или других ограничений и запретов по применимому праву.
Узнать больше.
Под некоторыми юрисдикциями, факт ложного упоминания о том, что автор, издатель или кто-либо ещё, одобряют использование вами этого произведения может признаваться незаконным.
Узнать больше.
Скопируйте приведённый ниже код HTML и вставьте его на ваш вебсайт для упрощённого цитирования этого произведения.
Узнать больше
Заверитель — это лицо, отказывающийся от своих прав на произведение по всему миру, с помощью CC0, в пределах, допустимых существующими законами. Им может быть непосредственный автор произведения, либо другое лицо, имеющее авторские или смежные права на это произведение.
Используйте этот инструмент для своих собственных произведений.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.be
Вытрымкі ліцэнзій не ёсць юрыдычны інструмент. Гэта проста зручныя звесткі для разумення юрыдычнага тэксту CC0, чалавекачытаемыя выразы набольш ключавых пунктаў. Мае на ўвазе іх як зручны для карыстання інтэрфейс для юрыдычнага тэкста CC0 ніжэй. Гэтае падсумаванне само не мае юрыдычнага значэння і яе змест не з'яўляецца CC0.
Creative Commons не юрыдычная фірма і не прадастаўляе юрыдычных паслуг. Распаўсюд, паказ, прывязка для вытрымак ліцэнзій не стварае адносінаў "адвакат-кліент".
Creative Commons не правярала статус аўтарскага права любога твору, які знаходзіцца пад умовамі CC0. CC не дае гарантыі на любы твор ці статус яго аўтарскага права ў любой юрысдыкцыі і адмаўляецца ад любой адказнасці для ўсіх спосабаў выкарыстання любога твора.
Асоба, якая звязвае твор з гэтымі ліцэнзійнымі вытрымкамі, сваёй адмовай ад усіх яго або яе правоў у тым ліку аўтарскага права, уключаючы ўсе сумежныя правы ў памеры, дазволеным законам перадала твор у грамадскі здыбатак па ўсяму свету.
Вы можаце капіраваць, змяняць, распаўсюджваць, выконваць твор, нават для камерцыйных мэтаў, і усё без запыту дазволу. Глядзі іншую інфармацыю ніжэй.
Свабоднае выкарыстанне твору ад абмежаванняў аўтарскага права можа быць па-рознаму рэгулявана і абмежавана. Твор або яго выкарыстанне можа быць прадметам законаў аб ахове персанальных дадзеных, публічнасці, выявы або прыватных правоў, або прадметам іншых перашкод і абмежаванняў у дзейсным праве. Гэта дазваляе асобе кантраляваць, як яго(яе) галасы, выявы або падобнае выкарыстоўваюцца.
Пазнаць больш.
У некаторых юрысдыкцыях, няправільная пазнака аўтара, выдаўца, або некага іншага на вашым творы можа быць незаконна.
Пазнаць больш.
Капіруйце і ўстаўляйце прапанаваны HTML-код на вашым сайце для простага цытавання гэтага твору.
Пазнаць больш
Асоба, якая пацвярджае аўстарскія правы - гэта асоба, якая адмаўляецца ад правоў на твор і выкарыстоўвае СС0 у рамках дазволеных законам. Гэта можа быць аўтар твора або іншая асоба, якая мае аўтарскія або сумежныя правы на гэты твор.
Выкарыстоўвайце гэту прыладу для сваіх уласных твораў.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.el
Το Περιληπτικό Μέρος της άδειας δεν είναι ένα νομικό εργαλείο. Είναι απλά μία χρήσιμη αναφορά για την κατανόηση του Νομικού Μέρους της άδειας CC0, είναι μία ανθρωπίνως εύληπτη έκφραση ορισμένων από τους όρους--κλειδιά της άδειας αυτής. Σκεφτείτε το σαν μία φιλική προς τον χρήστη παρουσίαση του περιεχομένου του Νομικού Μέρους της άδειας CC0 που ακολουθεί. Αυτό το Περιληπτικό Μέρος από μόνο του δεν έχει νομική αξία και τα περιεχόμενα του δεν εμφανίζονται στο περιεχόμενο της άδειας CC0.
Ο οργανισμός Creative Commons δεν είναι εταιρία δικηγόρων και δεν παρέχει νομικές υπηρεσίες. Η διανομή, παρουσίαση στο κοινό, ή σύνδεση σε αυτό το Περιληπτικό Σημείωμα της άδειας δεν δημιουργεί μία σχέση δικηγόρου-πελάτη.
Ο οργανισμός Creative Commons δεν έχει επιβεβαιώσει το status περί την πνευματική ιδιοκτησία σε οποιοδήποτε έργο έχει υπαχθεί στην άδεια CC0. Ο οργανισμός Creative Commons δεν παρέχει καμία εγγύηση για οποιοδήποτε έργο ή για το καθεστώς πνευματικής του ιδιοκτησίας σε οποιαδήποτε δικαιοδοσία, και αποποιείται κάθε νομική ευθύνη για οποιαδήποτε χρήση οποιουδήποτε έργου.
Το άτομο που συσχέτισε ένα έργο με αυτό το περιληπτικό σημείωμα άδειας έχει διεθέσει το έργο ως κοινό κτήμα αποποιούμενο όλα τα δικαιώματά του/της επί του έργου για όλο τον κόσμο σύμφωνα με το νόμο για την προστασία της πνευματικής ιδιοκτησίας, συμπεριλαμβανομένων και όλων των σχετικών ή συγγενικών δικαιωμάτων του/της επί του έργου στο βαθμό που αυτό επιτρέπεται από το νόμο.
Μπορείς να αντιγράφεις, διανέμεις, και παρουσιάζεις το έργο ακόμη και αν πρόκειται για εμπορικές χρήσεις, χωρίς να λαμβάνεις άδεια. Βλέπε περαιτέρω πληροφόρηση παρακάτω.
Η χρήση ενός έργου ελεύθερου από γνωστούς περιορισμούς πνευματικής ιδιοκτησίας μπορεί να υπόκειται σε άλλες ρυθμίσεις ή περιορισμούς. Το έργο ή η χρήση του μπορεί να υπόκειται σε ρυθμίσεις νομοθεσίας για την προστασία δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα, ρυθμίσεις δημοσιότητας, εικόνας, ή ιδιωτικότητας που επιτρέπουν σ' ένα πρόσωπο να ελέγχει πως η φωνή, εικόνα ή ομοιότητα μ'αυτό χρησιμοποιείται, ή άλλες ρυθμίσεις ή περιορισμούς σύμφωνα με εφαρμοστέο νόμο.
Μάθετε περισσότερα.
Σε μερικά δικαιικά συστήματα, ο εσφαλμένος υπαινιγμός οτι ο συγγραφέας, ο εκδότης ή κάποιος άλλος εγκρίνει τη χρήση ενός έργου από εσένα μπορεί να είναι μη σύννομος.
Μάθετε περισσότερα.
Κάνε αντιγραφή και επικόλληση του HTML κώδικα που παρέχεται στην ιστοσελίδα σου για εύκολη παραπομπή σ' αυτό το έργο.
Μάθετε περισσότερα
Αυτός που αναγνώρισε το έργο είναι το πρόσωπο που αποποιήθηκε δικαιωμάτων επί του έργου παγκόσμια κάνοντας χρήση της άδειας CC0, στο βαθμό που αυτό επιτρέπεται από το νόμο. Μπορεί να είναι ο αρχικός δικαιούχος του έργου ή άλλο πρόσωπο που είχε κάποιο δικαίωμα πνευματικής ιδιοκτησίας ή συγγενικό δικαίωμα επί του έργου.
Χρησιμοποιήστε αυτό το εργαλείο το δικό σας έργο.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.cs

Organizace Creative Commons není advokátní kanceláří ani neposkytuje právní služby. Distribucí, zveřejněním či odkázáním na tuto licenci nevzniká vztah mezi advokátem a klientem.
Organizace Creative Commons neověřuje autorskoprávní stav kteréhokoli díla, které bylo vystaveno pod licencí CC0. CC neposkytuje žádné záruky ohledně kteréhokoli díla nebo jeho autorskoprávního stavu v kterékoli jurisdikci. CC se zároveň zříká odpovědnosti za jakékoli užití kteréhokoli díla.
Osoba, která k dílu přiložila toto prohlášení, souhlasila s vystavením tohoto díla jako díla volného a celosvětově se vzdala všech svých autorských práv k dílu, včetně všech práv souvisejících a práv příbuzných v rozsahu, který je povolen zákonem.
Toto dílo můžete kopírovat, upravovat, distribuovat a zpracovávat, a to i pro komerční učely, bez získávání dalšího souhlasu. Přečtěte si Další informace níže.
K dílům, která nejsou předmětem ochrany autorských práv, se mohou vztahovat jiná práva. Dílo nebo způsob jeho užití může být předmětem práva na ochranu osobních údajů nebo práva na ochranu osobnosti, které osobě umožňují kontrolu způsobů, jak je využívána jejich podobizna nebo záznam jejich hlasu, nebo dalších omezení dle příslušného práva.
Více informací.
V některých systémech národního práva může být nezákonné neoprávněně naznačovat, že autor, vydavatel nebo kdokoliv jiný schvaluje způsob, jakým dílo užíváte.
Více informací.
Pro snadné citování tohoto díla zkopírujte přiložený HTML kód a vložte jej na svou webovou stránku.
Více informací
Poskytovatel je osoba, která se v rozsahu povoleném zákonem celosvětově vzdala práv k dílu pomocí licenčních ujednání CC0. Může se jednat o autora původního díla, držitele autorských práv nebo práv s autorským právem souvisejících.
Použijte tento nástroj pro Vaše dílo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.is
Commons leyfisskjalið er ekki afnotaleyfi. Það er einfaldlega handhæg heimild sem á að auðvelda skilning á lagamáli CC0 — það er samantekt á mannamáli af helstu atriðum afnotaleyfisins. Það má hugsa það sem notendavænt viðmót á lagamálinu. Þetta leyfisskjal hefur enga lagalega merkingu og innihald þess kemur ekki fyrir í CC0.
Creative Commons er ekki lögmannsstofa og veitir ekki lögfræðiþjónustu. Birting þessa skjals, dreifing þess eða tengingar í það koma ekki á faglegu sambandi lögmanns og skjólstæðings.
Creative Commons hefur ekki sannreynt höfundaréttarstöðu neins verks sem merkt hefur verið með CC0. CC tekur enga ábyrgð á verkum og höfundaréttarstöðu þeirra í nokkurri lögsögu og hafnar ábyrgð vegna allrar mögulegrar notkunar allra verka.
Einstaklingurinn sem tengdi verk við þetta skjal hefur gefið það í almenning með því að afsala sér á heimsvísu öllum réttindum varðandi verkið sem falla undir höfundaréttarlög eða önnur áþekk réttindi að því marki sem slíkt er heimilt samkvæmt lögum.
Þú mátt afrita, dreifa og sýna eða spila verkið, jafnvel í ágóðaskyni, án þess að spyrja um leyfi. Sjá frekari upplýsingar neðar.
Notkun verkar sem ekki lúta neinum þekktum takmörkunum höfundaréttar kann að vera takmörkum með lögum. Verkið og notkun þess getur varðað við lög um upplýsingasöfnun um einstaklinga, friðhelgi einkalífs, persónuleikarétt eða aðrar takmarkanir samkvæmt viðeigandi löggjöf.
Fræðast frekar.
Í sumum lögsögum kann það að vera ólöglegt að gefa það ranglega í skyn að höfundur, útgefandi eða annar aðili styðji sérstaklega eða samþykki notkun þína á verki.
Fræðast frekar.
Afritaðu og límdu HTML-kóðann á vefsíðu þína til þess að vísa auðveldlega í þetta verk.
Fræðast frekar
Gefandinn er einstaklingurinn sem afsalaði sér á heimsvísu réttindum yfir verki með CC0 að því marki sem slíkt er heimilt samkvæmt lögum. Hann gæti verið upphaflegur höfundur verksins eða annar aðili sem öðlast hefur höfundarétt eða önnur skyld réttindi yfir verkinu.
Notaðu þetta tól fyrir þitt eigið verk.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.tr
Commons Özet hukuki bir araç değildir. CC0 Legal Kod'un anlaşılması sağlayan ve anahtar kelime tanımlarını içeren bir referans kaynağıdır. Commons Özeti'i CC0 Legal Kod'u anlayabilmek için kullanılan ve onun altında olan kullanıcı dostu bir ara yüz olarak düşünebilirsiniz.
Creative Commons bir hukuk firması değildir ve hukuki hizmet sağlamaz. Commons Özeti'i dağıtmak, yayınlamak ya da link vermek bir müvekkil-avukat ilişkisi oluşturmaz.
Creative Commons CC0 uygulanan eserlerin hiç birinin telif hakkını garantilemez. CC herhangi bir eserin herhangi bir yetki alanındaki telif haklarının statüsü hakkında hiçbir garanti vermez ve herhangi bir eserin her türde kullanımı için sorumuluğu reddeder.
Bu özet ile eserini ilişkilendiren kişi, eserini Kamu Malı olarak adar, tüm ilgili ve komşu haklar dahil olmak üzere, telif haklarından kanunların izin verdiği sınırlarda dünya çapında feragat eder.
Bu eseri hiçbir izin almadan ticari amaçlar da dahi olmak üzere kopyalayabilir, düzenleyebilir, dağıtabilir ya da kullanabilirsiniz. Diğer bilgiler için alta bakınız.
Bilinen telif hakkı kısıtlamaları olmayan eserler aksini destekleyecek şekilde düzenlenmiş ve sınırlandırılmış olabilir.Eser veya kullanımı yürürlükteki yasalar kapsamında kişisel veri koruma yasaları, tanıtım, görüntü, ya da gizlilik haklarını; bir kişinin ses, görüntü veya benzerliğinin nasıl kullanıldığını kontrol etmesi için izin verir, ya da diğer kısıtlamalara veya sınırlamalara tabi tutabilir.
Daha fazla bilgi alın.
Bazı yetki alanlarında, yazar , yayıncı ya da başka her hangi birinin haksız imalarda bulunması kanuna aykırı olabilir.
Daha fazla bilgi alın.
Bu eserden alıntı yapabilmek için sunulan HTML kodunu kopyalayıp web sitenizde kullanın.
Daha fazla bilgi alın
Affirmer kanunların izin verdiği çerçevede dünya çapında eser haklarından CC0 kullanarak vaz geçen kişidir. Bu kişi eser sahibi, ya da eser haklarına telif hakları ile ya da ilgili kanunlarla sahip olan kişi olabilir.
Kendinize ait eser için bu aracı kullanın.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.sv
Den lättlästa versionen (The commons deed) är inte ett juridiskt bindande avtal. Det är ett användbar referens för att förstå CC0 juridiska avtal, en lättläst version av några av de centrala villkoren. Se det som ett användarvänligt gränssnitt till CC0 juridiska avtal som ligger under. Den lättlästa versionen har ingen juridisk relevans och dess innehåll återfinns inte i CC0.
Creative Commons är inte en advokatbyrå eller juridisk byrå och tillhandahåller inte juridiska tjänster. Att distribuera, visa eller länka till den lättlästa versionen (detta Commons Deed) skapar inte ett klientförhållande.
Creative Commons har inte verifierat statusen för upphovsrätten på något verk som licensieras under CC0. CC ger inga garantier om något verk eller dess upphovsstatus i någon jurisdiction och avsäger sig allt ansvar för all användning av någons verk.
Personen som associerat ett verk med detta dokument har dedikerat verket till public domain genom att avsäga sig sina rättigheter till verket i hela världen enligt upphovsrättslagstiftningen, inklusive alla relaterade och närstående rättigheter, så lågt lagen tillåter.
Du får kopiera, modifiera, distribuera och framföra verket, även i kommersiellt syfte, utan att fråga om lov. Se Annan information nedan.
Användningen av ett verk fritt från kända upphovsrättsliga restriktioner kan vara reglerad eller begränsad på annat sätt. Verket eller dessa användning kan påverkas av integritetslagar, publicitetsrättigheter eller bildrättigheter som ger en person kontroll över hur dennes röst, bild eller avbildning används eller av andra restriktioner eller begränsningar i tillämplig lag.
Lär dig mer.
I vissa jurisdiktioner kan det vara olagligt att felaktigt antyda att en upphovsman, förläggare eller någon annan godkänt eller stödjer din användning av verket.
Lär dig mer.
Kopiera och klistra in HTML-koden på din webbsida för att enkelt referera till detta verk.
Lär dig mer
Bekräftaren är den person som avsade sig sina rättigheter, för hela världen, med hjälp av CC0 så långt tillämplig lag tillåter det. Det kan vara den ursprunglige skaparen av verket eller en annan person som hade upphovsrätt eller någon närstående rättighet till verket.
Använd detta verktyg för ditt eget verk.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.fi
Tämä tiivistelmä ei ole oikeudellinen asiakirja, vaan ainoastaan helppokäyttöinen apumateriaali CC0:n oikeudellisen tekstin ymmärtämiseksi ja helppolukuinen tiivistelmä sen keskeisestä sisällöstä. Se on eräänlainen CC0:n oikeudellisen tekstin helppo käyttöliittymä. Tällä tiivistelmällä ei ole oikeudellista merkitystä, eikä sen sisältö kuulu CC0:aan.
Creative Commons ei ole asianajo- tai lakiasiaintoimisto, eikä se tarjoa oikeudellisia palveluita. Tämän asiakirjan jakamisesta, esittämisestä tai siihen linkittämisestä ei synny asiakas- tai toimeksiantosuhdetta.
Creative Commons ei ole varmentanut niiden teosten tekijänoikeudellista asemaa, joihin CC0:aa on sovellettu. CC ei anna teoksia tai niiden tekijänoikeuksia koskevia, minkään oikeusjärjestelmän mukaisia takuita eikä ota mitään vastuuta minkäänlaisesta teosten käytöstä.
Henkilö, joka on yhdistänyt CC0:n teokseen tai viitannut siihen teoksessa, on luovuttanut teoksen vapaaseen yleiseen käyttöön (public domain) luopumalla maailmanlaajuisesti ja soveltuvan lainsäädännön sallimassa enimmäislaajuudessa kaikista tekijänoikeuslainsäädännön alaisista oikeuksistaan teokseen, lähioikeudet ja kaikki tekijänoikeuteen liittyvät oikeudet mukaan lukien.
Teosta voi lupaa pyytämättä kopioida, muokata, levittää ja esittää, mukaan lukien kaupallisessa tarkoituksessa. Ks. alla Lisätietoja.
Tunnetuista tekijänoikeuden asettamista rajoitteista vapaan teoksen käyttö voi olla muulla tavoin rajoitettua. Teosta tai sen käyttöä voivat koskea mm. tietosuojalainsäädäntö, henkilön oikeudet määrätä oman nimensä, kuvansa tai henkilönsä muun tunnistettavan osan käytöstä taikka muut soveltuvan lainsäädännön mukaiset rajoitukset tai kiellot.
Lue lisää.
Joissain oikeusjärjestelmissä voi olla lainvastaista oikeudettomasti väittää tai antaa ymmärtää, että teoksen kustantaja, tekijä tai joku muu suosittelisi tai tukisi teoksen käyttöäsi tai käyttötapaasi.
Lue lisää.
Kopioi ja liitä tämä HTML-koodi osaksi verkkosivuasi. Näin voit helposti viitata tähän teokseen.
Lue lisää
Vahvistaja on henkilö, joka on CC0:aa käyttämällä luopunut kaikista teokseen kohdistuvista oikeuksista lain sallimissa rajoissa ja maailmanlaajuisesti. Vahvistaja voi olla teoksen alkuperäinen tekijä tai henkilö, jolla on ollut teokseen tekjänoikeus taikka lähioikeus tai muu tekijänoikeuteen liittyvä oikeus.
Käytä tätä työkalua omaan teokseesi.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ro
Rezumatul Explicativ nu este o licenţă. Este doar o referinţă simplă pentru a înţelege Codul Juridic (întreaga licenţă) CC0, o exprimare pe înţelesul tuturor a unora dintre termenii săi cheie. Să ne gândim la el ca la o interfaţă mai prietenoasă pentru Codul Juridic CC0 din spatele său. Acest Rezumat nu are nici o valoare juridică în sine şi conţinutul său nu apare în licenţă.
Creative Commons nu este o companie de avocatură şi nu furnizează servicii juridice. Distribuirea, afişarea sau legătura către acest Rezumat Explicativ nu crează o relaţie de tip avocat-client.
Creative Commons nu a verificat starea drepturilor de autor pentru nicio lucrare licențiată cu CC0. CC nu acordă vreo garanție pentru nicio operă sau statutul drepturilor sale de autor în nicio jurisdicție și declină orice responsabilitate cu privire la posibilitatea de a fi trași la răspundere pentru orice fel de prejudiciu ca urmare a utilizării oricărei lucări.
The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.
Poți copia, modifica, distribui și efectua opera, chiar și în scopuri comerciale, toate acestea fără a mai cere permisiunea. Vezi Alte informații mai jos.
Utilizarea unei opere exonerată de restricții legate de drepturile de autor poate însă fi reglementată și limitată în alte moduri. Opera sau utilizarea acesteia pot intra sub incidența legilor privind protejarea datelor cu caracter personal, publicitatea, imaginea sau drepturile privind viața privată și modul în care vocea și imaginea, sau orice altă restricție sau limitare aflată sub legea respectivă.
Învaţă mai multe.
În unele jurisdicții, a pretinde că un autor, un editor sau oricine altcineva susține utilizarea unei opere poate fi ilicită.
Învaţă mai multe.
Copiază și lipește HTML-ul ce ti-a fost distribuit
Învaţă mai multe
The affirmer is the person who surrendered rights to the work worldwide using CC0, to the extent allowable by law. It may be the original author of the work or another person who may have had some copyright or related or neighboring legal rights in the work.
Foloseşte această licență pentru opera ta.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.pt_BR
O Resumo Explicativo não é um instrumento legal. É apenas uma referência útil para compreender o Texto Legal da CC0, uma expressão legível por humanos de alguns dos seus termos-chave. Considere-o um intérprete amigável do Texto Legal da CC0 subjacente. Este Resumo não tem, em si mesmo, qualquer valor legal e o seu conteúdo não aparece na CC0.
A Creative Commons não é um escritório de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. A distribuição, exibição ou a inclusão de links para este Resumo Explicativo não gera uma relação advogado-cliente.
A Creative Commons não verificou a situação do direito de autor e dos direitos conexos de nenhum trabalho ao qual a CC0 tenha sido aplicado. A Creative Commons não presta quaisquer garantias acerca de nenhum trabalho nem da situação do seu direito de autor e direitos conexos em nenhuma jurisdição, nem aceita qualquer responsabilidade por quaisquer usos de qualquer trabalho.
A pessoa que associou um trabalho a este resumo dedicou o trabalho ao domínio público, renunciando a todos os seus direitos sob as leis de direito de autor e/ou de direitos conexos referentes ao trabalho, em todo o mundo, na medida permitida por lei.
Você pode copiar, modificar, distribuir e executar o trabalho, mesmo para fins comerciais, tudo sem pedir autorização. Veja Outras Informações abaixo.
O uso de um trabalho livre de restrições conhecidas devidas ao direito de autor e aos direitos conexos pode ser regulado ou limitado de outras formas. O trabalho ou o seu uso podem estar sujeitos a legislação de proteção de dados privados, a direitos de imagem ou a direitos de privacidade, que permitem que uma pessoa controle a forma como a sua voz, imagem ou parecença é usada, ou a outras restrições ou limitações impostas pela legislação aplicável.
Saiba mais.
Nalgumas jurisdições, sugerir indevidamente que um autor, editora ou qualquer outra pessoa aprova o seu uso do trabalho pode ser ilegal.
Saiba mais.
Copie o HTML fornecido e insira-o na sua página web para citar este trabalho.
Saiba mais
O declarante é a pessoa que renunciou aos seus direitos sobre o trabalho em todo o mundo, na medida permitida por lei, usando a CC0. Pode ser o titular originário dos direitos sobre o trabalho ou outra pessoa que tenha sido titular de alguns dos direitos de autor ou dos direitos conexos sobre o trabalho.
Utilize este instrumento para os seus próprios trabalhos.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.pt
O Resumo Explicativo não é um instrumento legal. É apenas uma referência útil para compreender o Texto Legal da CC0, uma expressão legível por humanos de alguns dos seus termos-chave. Considere-o um intérprete amigável do Texto Legal da CC0 subjacente. Este Resumo não tem, em si mesmo, qualquer valor legal e o seu conteúdo não aparece na CC0.
A Creative Commons não é um escritório de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. A distribuição, exibição ou a inclusão de links para este Resumo Explicativo não leva ao surgimento de uma relação advogado-cliente.
A Creative Commons não verificou a situação do direito de autor e dos direitos conexos de nenhum trabalho ao qual a CC0 tenha sido aplicado. A Creative Commons não presta quaisquer garantias acerca de nenhum trabalho nem da situação do seu direito de autor e direitos conexos em nenhuma jurisdição, nem aceita qualquer responsabilidade por quaisquer usos de qualquer trabalho.
A pessoa que associou um trabalho a este resumo dedicou o trabalho ao domínio público, renunciando a todos os seus direitos sobre o trabalho, em todo o mundo, ao abrigo das leis de direito de autor e/ou de direitos conexos, na medida permitida por lei.
Pode copiar, modificar, distribuir e executar o trabalho, mesmo para fins comerciais, tudo sem pedir autorização. Veja Outras Informações abaixo.
O uso de um trabalho livre de restrições conhecidas devidas ao direito de autor e aos direitos conexos pode ser regulado ou limitado de outras formas. O trabalho ou o seu uso podem estar sujeitos a legislação de proteção de dados privados, a direitos de imagem ou de privacidade, que permitem que uma pessoa controle a forma como a sua voz, imagem ou parecença é usada, ou a outras restrições ou limitações impostas pela legislação aplicável.
Saiba mais.
Nalgumas jurisdições, sugerir indevidamente que um autor, editora ou qualquer outra pessoa aprova o seu uso do trabalho pode ser ilegal.
Saiba mais.
Copie o HTML fornecido e insira-o na sua página web para citar este trabalho.
Saiba mais
O declarante é a pessoa que renunciou aos seus direitos sobre o trabalho em todo o mundo, na medida permitida por lei, usando a CC0. Pode ser o titular originário dos direitos sobre o trabalho ou outra pessoa que tenha sido titular de alguns dos direitos de autor ou dos direitos conexos sobre o trabalho.
Utilize este instrumento para os seus próprios trabalhos.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.pl
Przystępne podsumowanie nie ma charakteru prawnego. Jest to po prostu przydatne źródło informacji o tekście prawnym CC0, zrozumiały dla nieprawnika zapis niektórych jego kluczowych postanowień. Jest on przyjaznym dla użytkownika interfejsem do tekstu prawnego CC0. Podsumowanie nie ma mocy prawnej, a jego treść nie jest częścią CC0.
Creative Commons nie jest kancelarią prawną i nie świadczy usług prawniczych. Rozpowszechnianie, wyświetlanie, ani linkowanie do tego Podsumowania nie powoduje powstania relacji typu relacja pomiędzy klientem a prawnikiem.
Creative Commons nie sprawdziło statusu prawno-autorskiego jakiegokolwiek utworu, do którego zastosowano CC0. CC nie udziela żadnych gwarancji co do jakiegokolwiek utworu lub jego statusu prawno-autorskiego w którymkolwiek systemie prawnym i wyłącza wszelką odpowiedzialność za wszelkie wykorzystanie jakiegokolwiek utworu, w maksymalnym stopniu dozwolonym przez prawo właściwe.
Osoba, która opatrzyła utwór tym oświadczeniem, przekazała go do domeny publicznej, zrzekając się wykonywania wszelkich praw do utworu wynikających z prawa autorskiego, włączając w to wszelkie prawa powiązane i prawa pokrewne, w zakresie dozwolonym przez prawo, na obszarze całego świata.
Możesz zwielokratniać, zmieniać, rozpowszechniać i wykonywac utwór, nawet w celu komercyjnym bez pytania o zgodę. Zobacz inne informacje poniżej.
Korzystanie z utworu wolnego od ograniczeń prawa autorskiego może podlegać innym regulacjom lub ograniczeniom. Utwór lub jego wykorzystanie może podlegać ochronie danych osobowych, wizerunku, prywatności, które to prawa pozwalają ich podmiotom kontrolować w jaki sposób wykorzystywane są ich dobra osobiste - lub jeszcze innym ograniczeniom, na podstawie prawa właściwego.
Więcej informacji.
W niektórych jurysdykcjach, nieuprawnione sugerowanie że autor, wydawca lub ktokolwiek inny popiera wykorzystanie przez Ciebie utworu może naruszać prawo.
Więcej informacji.
Skopiuj i wklej kod HTML na swoją stronę, by w prosty sposób zacytować ten utwór.
Więcej informacji
Przekazujący to osoba, która zrzekła się praw do utworu na całym świecie za pomocą CC0, w zakresie dozwolonym przez prawo. Może to być twórca utworu lub inna osoba, która mogła mieć jakieś prawa autorskie, pokrewne lub podobne do utworu.
Wykorzystaj CC0 do licencjonowania własnych utworów.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.no
Sammendraget Commons Deed er ikke et juridisk instrument. Det er kun en kortfattet sammendrag av den juridiske CC0 lisensteksten med en opplisting av noen av nøkkelbegrepene. Tenk på den som et brukervennlig grensesnitt mot det underliggende juridiske CC0 lisensteksten. Alene har sammendraget kke juridisk relevans, og innholdet i den inngår ikke i CC0
Creative Commons er ikke et advokatfirma og tilbyr ikke juridiske tjenester. Å distribuere, vise, eller lenke til dette sammendraget skaper ikke et advokat-klientforhold.
Creative Commons har ikke verifisert den opphavsrettslige status til noe verk som CC0 er anvendt på. CC tilbyr ingen garantier om noe verk eller dets opphavsrettslige status i noen jurisdiksjon, og fraskriver seg alt ansvar for enhver bruk av noe verk.
Den person som har knyttet et verk til dette aktstykke (deed) har, i den utstrekning loven tillater, erklært dette verket er i det fri ved å si fra seg alle de opphavsrettigheter og nærstående rettigheter som vedkommende hadde til verket.
Du kan kopiere, endre, distribuere og fremføre verket, selv for kommersielle formål, uten å spørre om tillatelse. Se Annen Informasjon nedenfor.
Å bruke et verk fri for kjente opphavsrettsbegrenisnger kan være regulert eller begrenset på andre måter. Verket kan være gjenstand for personopplysningsvern, personlighetsvern, bildevern eller personvern og lignende som tillater en person å kontrollere hvordan deres stemme, portrett eller lignende benyttes, eller andre restriksjoner under gjeldende lov.
Lær mer.
I noen jurisdiksjoner vil det være rettsstridig å angi at en forfatter, utgiver eller andre anbefaler eller bifaller din bruk av verket.
Lær mer.
Kopier og lim inn denne HTML i websiden din for enkelt å sitere dette arbeidet.
Lær mer
Stadfesteren er den personen som overga rettigheter til verket over hele verden gjennom bruk av CC0, i den utstrekning dette er mulig etter gjeldende rett. Det kan være den opprinnelige forfafteren av verket eller en annen person som kan ha hatt noen opphavsrettigheter eller nærstående rettigheter i verket.
Bruk dette verktøyet for dine egne verk.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.nl
De Commons Akte is geen juridisch instrument. Het is een handig hulpmiddel voor een beter begrip van de CC0 Juridische Overeenkomst, een voor mensen leesbare weergave van een aantal kernbegrippen daaruit. Beschouw het als de gebruiksvriendelijke interface van de onderliggende CC0 Juridische Overeenkomst. Deze Akte zelf heeft geen juridische betekenis, en de inhoud komt niet voor in de CC0.
Creative Commons is geen advocatenpraktijk en verleent geen juridische diensten. Het verspreiden, weergeven, of verwijzen naar deze Commons Akte schept geen advocaat-cliënt relatie.
Creative Commons heeft de auteursrechtelijke status van werken waarop de CC0 is toegepast niet geverifieerd. CC geeft geen vrijwaringen met betrekking tot werken of hun auteursrechtelijke status in enige jurisdictie, en sluit alle aansprakelijkheid uit voor ieder gebruik van elk werk.
De persoon die deze akte aan een werk heeft verbonden heeft het werk toegewezen aan het publiek domein door wereldwijd zijn of haar rechten op het werk onder het auteursrecht, inclusief alle bijbehorende en naburige rechten, af te staan, voor zover door de wet is toegestaan.
Je mag het werk zonder toestemming kopiëren, veranderen, verspreiden en uitvoeren, zelfs voor commerciële doeleinden. Zie Overige Informatie beneden.
Het gebruik van een werk waarop geen bekende auteursrechtelijke beperkingen rusten kan anderszins gereguleerd of beschermd zijn. Het werk of het gebruik daarvan kan onderworpen zijn aan wetten die persoonsgegevens beschermen, portretrechten of privacyrechten die een persoon in staat stellen om te beschikken over hoe zijn stem, beeltenis of gelijkenis wordt gebruikt, of andere beperkingen onder het toepasselijke recht.
Meer weten.
In sommige jurisdicties kan het onrechtmatig zijn om ten onrechte te suggereren dat een maker, uitgever of iemand anders het gebruik van een werk goedkeurt.
Meer weten.
Kopieer en plak de HTML om het werk gemakkelijk op je webpagina te citeren.
Meer weten
De bekrachtiger is de persoon die wereldwijd de rechten op het werk heeft afgestaan met behulp van CC0, voor zover door de wet is toegestaan. Het kan de oorspronkelijke auteur van het werk zijn of een andere persoon die een bepaald auteursrecht of bijbehorende c.q. naburige rechten heeft gehad op het werk.
Gebruik deze tool voor je eigen werk

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ms

Creative Commons bukan sebuah firma guaman dan tidak menawarkan perkhidmatan undang-undang. Pengedaran, pameran atau hubungan kepada Surat Ikatan Commons ini tidak mewujudkan hubungan peguamcara dan anakguam.
Creative Commons tidak mengesahkan status hakmilik mana-mana karya yang telah diserapkan pada CC0. CC tidak memberi sebarang jaminan mengenai sebarang karya atau status hakcipta di mana-mana bidang kuasa, dan menolak sebarang liabiliti untuk semua penggunaan mana-mana karya.
Orang yang mengaitkan sesebuah karya bersama surat ikatan ini telah mendedikasikarya untuk domain awam dengan mengetepikan kesemua hak-haknya kepada karya antarabangsa di bawah undang-undang hakcipta, termasuk semua hak-hak yang berkaitan dan berjiran, setakat yang dibenarkan oleh undang-undang.
Anda boleh menyalin, mengubah, mengedar dan mempersembahkan karya, walaupun untuk tujuan komersial, semua tanpa meminta kebenaran. Lihat Maklumat Laindi bawah.
Penggunaan sesebuah karya yang dikenali bebas daripada sekatan-sekatan hak cipta sebaliknya mungkin ia hanyalah terlaras atau terhad. Karya tersebut atau penggunaannya adalah tertakluk kepada undang-undang perlindungan data peribadi, publisiti, imej, atau hak-hak privasi yang membolehkan seseorang itu mengawal penggunaan bagaimana suara, imej dan sebagainya milik mereka, atau sekatan-sekatan lain atau pembatasan-pembatasan di bawah undang-undang yang diguna pakai.
Pelajari lebih lanjut.
Dalam sesetengah bidang kuasa, melibatkan seseorang pengarang, penerbit atau sesiapa sahaja dengan salahnya untuk menyokong anda dalam penggunaan sesebuah karya adalah menyalahi undang-undang.
Pelajari lebih lanjut.
Salin dan tampal HTML yang disediakan ke dalam halaman web anda untuk mudah memetik karya ini.
Pelajari lebih lanjut
Pengesah ialah orang yang telah menyerahkan hak-hak karya ke serata dunia dengan menggunakan CC0, setakat yang boleh dibenarkan oleh undang-undang. Dia mungkin pencipta asal karya tersebut atau seseorang yang memegang hak cipta atau sebagainya atau hak-hak yang terhampir berkenaan karya tersebut.
Gunakan alat ini untuk karya anda.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.lt
Bendrijų dokumentas nėra teisinis instrumentas. Tai tiesiog naudinga nuoroda, norint suprasti CC0 Teisės aktą, žmonėms suprantamą jos pagrindinių sąlygų išraišką. Šis Dokumentas pats savaime neturi kokios teisinės galios ir jo turinys nėra pateikiamas CC0.
Creative Commons nėra advokatų kontora ir neteikia teisinių paslaugų. Šio Bendrijų dokumento platinimas, rodymas ar nuorodų į jį teikimas nėra pagrindas advokato ir kliento santykiams.
Creative Commons nepatikrino jokio kūrinio, kuriam CC0 buvo pritaikyta, autorių teisių statuso. CC nesuteikia jokių garantijų jokiam kūriniui ar jo autorių teisių statusui jokioje jurisdikcijoje ir atsisako bet kokios atsakomybės, susijusios su bet kokio kūrinio panaudojimu.
Asmuo, susiejęs kūrinį su šiuo dokumentu, atidavė šį kūrinį viešam naudojimui, atsisakydamas visų savo teisių į šį kūrinį visame pasaulyje pagal autorių teisių įstatymą, įskaitant visas gretutines teises, kiek tai leidžiama įstatymo.
Jūs galite kopijuoti, modifikuoti, platinti ir atliekti šį kūrinį, net ir komerciniams tikslams, visiškai neatsiklausdami leidimo. Žiūrėkite Kitą informaciją žemiau.
Kūrinio, neturinčio žinomų autorių teisių apribojimų, naudojimas gali vis viena būti reguliuojamas ar ribojamas. Kūriniui ar jo panaudojimui gali būti taikomi asmens duomenų apsaugos įstatymai, viešumo, vaizdinio ar privatumo teisės, leidžiančios asmeniui kontroliuoti, kaip jo balsas, vaizdinys ar portretas yra naudojami, arba kiti suvaržymai ar apribojimai pagal atitinkamą įstatymą.
Sužinoti daugiau.
Kai kuriose jurisdikcijose klaidingo įspūdžio sudarymas, kad autorius, leidėjas ar kas nors kitas pritaria kūrinio panaudojimui, gali būti neteisėtas.
Sužinoti daugiau.
Nukopijuokite ir įterpkite šį HTML kodą į savo svetainę patogiam kūrinio citavimui.
Sužinoti daugiau
Patvirtintojas -- tai žmogus, kuris perdavė teises į kūrinį visame pasaulyje naudodamasis CC0, kiek tai leidžiama įstatymo. Tai gali būti originalus kūrinio autorius ar kitas žmogus, kuris turėjo dalį kūrinio autorių teisių ar gretutinių teisių.
Naudokite šią priemonę savo kūriniui.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.lv
Kopienas akts nav juridisks dokuments. Tas ir vienkāršs apraksts, cilvēkiem saprotamā valodā, lai saprastu, ko nozīmē CC0 juridiskais saturs. Uzskatiet to par lietotājam draudzīgu fasādi CC0 juridiskajam saturam. Šis aktam pašam par sevi nav nekāda juridiska spēka, un tā saturs neparādās oficiālajā CC0 saturā.
Radošā kopiena nav juridiska firma un nepiedāvā juridiskus pakalpojumus. Kopienas akta parādīšana, vai norāde uz to neveido nekādas juridiskas saites ar Radošo kopienu.
Radošā kopiena nav pārbaudījusi darba, kuram ir piemērota CC0 licence juridisko statusu. Tā nedod nekādas garantijas par neviena darba autortiesību statusu nevienā jurisdikcijā un atsakās no jebkādām saistībām par šī darba izmantošanu.
Cilvēks, kas pievienojis darbam šo aktu ir novēlējis to kā sabiedrības īpašumu, atsakoties no savām tiesībām uz darbu, ieskaitot blakus- u.c. saistītās tiesības, kā to nosaka autortiesību likums.
Jūs varat kopēt, pārveidot, izplatīt un izpildīt darbu arī komerciālos nolūkos, neprasot par to nekādu atļauju. Skatiet Papildu informācija zemāk.
Darba, kuram nepastāv autortiesību ierobežojumi, lietošanu var noteikt arī citi ierobežojumi. Uz darbu var attiekties, piemēram, personas datu aizsardzības ierobežojumi kuri nosaka, kā tiek publicēti, attēloti vai izplatīti attēli, skaņa vai izskats, kā arī citi ierobežojumi, saskaņā ar valsts likumdošanu.
Uzzināt vairāk.
Dažās jurisdikcijās, nepamatota norāde, ka darba lietošanu ir apstiprinājis autors vai publicētājs, var būt nelegāla nodarbe.
Uzzināt vairāk.
Nokopējiet un ievietojiet sagatavoto HTML kodu savā tīmekļa lai atvieglotu atsaukšanos uz to.
Uzzināt vairāk
Apstiprinātājs ir persona, kura, izmantojot CC0, saskaņā ar likumdošanu, aizstāv tiesības uz darbu visā pasaulē. Tas var būt darba autors vai arī cita persona, kurai pieder darba autortiesības vai citas saistītās tiesības uz darbu.
Lietojat savam darbam šo rīku.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.it
Il Commons Deed non è uno strumento legale. È semplicemente un utile riferimento per capire il Codice Legale di CC0, di cui rappresenta un riassunto leggibile da chiunque di alcuni dei suoi concetti chiave. Lo si consideri come un'interfaccia amichevole verso il Codice Legale di CC0 sottostante. Questo riassunto in sé non ha valore legale, ed i suoi contenuti non appaiono in CC0.
Creative Commons non è uno studio legale e non fornisce servizi di consulenza legale. La distribuzione, la pubblicazione o il collegamento tramite link a questo Commons Deed non instaura un rapporto avvocato-cliente.
Creative Commons non ha verificato lo stato dei diritti d'autore di nessuna opera a cui sia stato applicato CC0. CC non fornisce garanzie su nessuna opera o sullo stato dei relativi diritti d'autore sotto nessuna giurisdizione, e declina ogni responsabilità per tutti gli usi di qualsiasi opera.
La persona che ha associato un'opera con questo atto ha dedicato l'opera al pubblico dominio attraverso la rinuncia a tutti i suoi diritti al lavoro in tutto il mondo dalle leggi sul copyright, inclusi tutti i diritti connessi e vicini, nei limiti consentiti dalla legge.
Puoi copiare, modificare, distribuire ed utilizzare l'opera, anche per fini commerciali, senza chiedere alcun permesso. Guarda le Altre Informazioni di seguito.
L'uso di un'opera libera da restrizioni di copyright potrebbe essere ugualmente regolamentato o limitato. L'opera od il suo uso potrebbero essere soggetti a leggi sulla protezione dei dati, della pubblicità, dell'immagine, o diritti di privacy che permettono ad una persona di controllare come la propria voce, immagine o gusti sono usati, od altre restrizioni o limitazioni soggette a legge applicabile.
Scopri di più.
In alcune giurisdizioni, implicare che un autore, un editore o qualunque altra persona, avalla, riconosce o sponsorizza il tuo utilizzo di un'opera potrebbe essere illegale.
Scopri di più.
Copia e incolla questo codice HTML nella tua pagina web per citare facilmente questo lavoro.
Scopri di più
Il firmatario è la persona che rinuncia ai diritti al lavoro in tutto il mondo utilizzando CC0, nella misura consentita dalla legge. Può essere l'autore originale dell'opera o un'altra persona che può avere avuto qualche diritto d'autore o diritti legali correlati o vicini nel lavoro.
Usa questo strumento per la tua opera.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.id
Lisensi Ringkas bukan sebuah instrumen hukum. Lisensi Ringkas hanya merupakan panduan singkat untuk memahami Lisensi Lengkap CC0, yang menyebutkan persyaratan utama yang penting. Ini merupakan tampilan ramah pengguna dari Lisensi Lengkap CC0. Teks Lisensi ini tidak memiliki kekuatan hukum, dan isinya tidak muncul pada CC0.
Creative Commons bukanlah suatu firma hukum dan tidak memberikan layanan hukum. Menyebarluaskan, memperlihatkan, atau mengaitkan Lisensi Ringkas ini tidak menyebabkan munculnya suatu hubungan pengacara-klien.
Creative Commons tidak melakukan verifikasi status hak cipta dari ciptaan yang dilekatkan CC0. CC tidak memberikan jaminan apapun terhadap setiap ciptaan atau status hak ciptanya pada yurisdiksi manapun, dan tidak bertanggung jawab atas penggunaan apapun dari setiap ciptaan.
Setiap orang yang menghubungkan sebuah ciptaan dengan ketentuan ini telah mendedikasikan ciptaan tersebut sebagai domain publik dan mengabaikan semua hak-haknya atas ciptaan tersebut di seluruh dunia di bawah hukum hak cipta, termasuk semua hak terkait, sejauh yang ditentukan hukum yang berlaku.
Anda dapat menyalin, memodifikasi, menyebarluaskan, dan menampilkan ciptaan tersebut, bahkan untuk tujuan komersial, secara keseluruhan tanpa meminta izin. Lihat Informasi Lainnya di bawah ini.
Penggunaan sebuah ciptaan yang bebas dari batasan hak cipta yang berlaku dapat sebaliknya diatur atau dibatasi. Ciptaan atau penggunaan ciptaan dapat tunduk pada hukum perlindungan data atau hak atas potret yang memungkinkan seseorang untuk mengendalikan bagaimana suara, gambar atau rupa mereka seharusnya digunakan, atau pembatasan lain menurut hukum yang berlaku.
Pelajari lebih lanjut.
Pada beberapa yurisdiksi, membuat pernyataan palsu bahwa seorang pencipta, penerbit atau setiap orang lain mendukung penggunaan Anda terhadap sebuah ciptaan merupakan tindakan melanggar hukum.
Pelajari lebih lanjut.
Salin dan tempel kode HTML yang disediakan ke halaman web Anda untuk mempermudah pengutipan ciptaan ini.
Pelajari lebih lanjut
Pembuat Pernyataan adalah seseorang yang melepaskan hak-haknya di seluruh dunia atas sebuah ciptaan dengan menggunakan CC0, sejauh yang ditentukan hukum yang berlaku. Pembuat Pernyataan dapat merupakan pencipta asli dari sebuah ciptaan atau orang lain yang mungkin memiliki sebagian hak cipta atau hak terkait pada sebuah ciptaan.
Gunakan alat ini untuk ciptaan Anda.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.hr
Commons Deed nije pravni dokument. On je samo praktična referenca za razumijevanje Pravnog teksta CC0 - svima shvatljiv iskaz njegovih ključnih pojmova. Možete ga smatrati pojednostavljenim objašnjenjem Pravnog teksta koji se nalazi u pozadini. Sam Commons Deed nema pravni značaj i njegov se sadržaj ne pojavljuje u CC0.
Creative Commons nije odvjetnički ured i ne pruža pravne usluge. Distribuiranje Commons Deeda, njegovo, prikazivanje ili postavljanje linka na njega ne konstituira odnos pravnog zastupanja.
Creative Commons ne provjerava autorskopravni status bilo kojeg djela koji se stavlja pod CC0. CC ne daje nikakva jamstva u pogledu djela ili njegovog autorskopravnog statusa u bilo kojem pravnom sustavu i odriče se svake odgovornosti vezane uz bilo kakvo korištenje djela.
Osoba koja je uz djelo vezala ovaj dokument prenijela je djelo u javno dobro ustupivši globalno sva svoja prava na djelo određena zakonom o autorskom i srodnim pravima - u mjeri u kojoj to zakon dopušta.
Slobodno smijete umnažati, prerađivati i izvoditi djelo, pa i u komercijalne svrhe, a da ne morate tražiti dopuštenje. Vidi niže pod Druge informacije.
Korištenje djela koje nije pod zaštitom autorskog ili srodnih prava može biti regulirano ili ograničeno drugim odredbama. Djelo ili njegovo korištenje može biti predmetom zaštite zakona o osobnim podacima, prava nad objavljivanjem osobne fotografije, pravima lika ili pravima privatnosti koje osobama daju kontrolu nad korištenjem njihovog glasa, slike ili lika, kao što može biti predmetom i drugih zakonskih ograničenja.
Saznajte više.
U nekim pravnim sustavima neistinito tvrditi da autor, izdavač ili netko drugi izravno podržava Vaše korištenje djela može biti nezakonito.
Saznajte više.
Kako biste mogli lako navesti ovo djelo, kopirajte ponuđeni HTML kod i unesite ga na Vašu internetsku stranicu.
Saznajte više
Potvrditelj je osoba koja se odrekla globalno prava na djelo koristeći CC0 u mjeri u kojoj to zakon dopušta. Riječ je o izvornom autoru djela ili nekoj drugoj osobi koja je možda imala neko autorsko ili srodna prava u djelu.
Upotrijebite ovaj alat za svoje djelo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.gl
A escritura (Commons Deed) non é un instrumento legal, senón simplemente unha referencia para entender o código legal de CC0, unha descrición humanamente comprensíbel dalgúns dos seus termos clave. Pensa nel como unha interface amigábel para acceder ao código legal interno de CC0. O resumo por si só non ten valor legal e os seus contidos non aparecen na CC0.
Creative Commons non é un bufete de avogados e non ofrece servizos de tipo legal. A distribución, exhibición ou a ligazón desta escritura non crea relación ningunha avogado-cliente.
Creative Commons non comprobou a protección por dereitos de autor de ningunha das obras ás que se lles aplicou CC0. Creative Commons non ofrece garantía sobre ningunha obra nin sobre a súa protección dos dereitos de autor en ningunha xurisdición e deslígase de toda responsabilidade por todos os usos de calquera obra.
A persoa que asociou unha obra con esta escritura entregou a obra ao dominio público, mediante a renuncia de todos os seus dereitos patrimoniais de autoría sobre a obra en todo o mundo, o cal inclúe todos os dereitos asociados e afíns, na medida que permite a lei vixente aplicábel.
Pode copiar, modificar, distribuír e executar a obra, incluso con propósito comercial, sen pedir permiso. Vexa
Outra información a seguir.
A utilización dunha obra libre de restricións coñecidas de dereitos de autor pode ser regulada ou limitada doutra maneira. A obra ou o seu uso pode estar suxeita ás leis de protección dos datos persoais, publicidade, imaxe ou dereitos de privacidade que lle permiten a unha persoa controlar como a súa voz, imaxe ou semellanza dese tipo que se utiliza ou outras restricións ou limitacións segundo a lei aplicábel.
Aprende máis.
Nalgunhas xurisdicións, a implicación errada de que un autor, editor ou calquera outro te apoia na utilización dunha obra pode non ser legal.
Aprende máis.
Copie e pegue o HTML facilitado na súa páxina web para citar facilmente esta obra.
Aprende máis
O declarante é a persoa que renuncia aos seus dereitos á obra universalmente utilizando CC0, tan amplamente como o permita a lei. Pode ser o autor orixinal do traballo ou outra persoa que pode ter algún dereito de propiedade ou próximo aos dereitos legais da obra.
Utilice esta ferramenta para as súas propias obras.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.fr
Le Résumé Explicatif n’est pas une licence mais simplement une source pratique pour faciliter la compréhension du Code Juridique CC0. Il exprime en termes courants les principales notions juridiques contenue dans le Code Juridique sous-jacent. Ce Résumé Explicatif n’a pas de valeur juridique. Son contenu n’apparaît pas sous cette forme dans CC0.
Creative Commons n’est pas un cabinet d’avocats et ne fournit pas de service juridique. La distribution, l’affichage ou l’établissement d’un lien vers le résumé explicatif ne constitue pas une relation avocat-client.
Creative Commons ne vérifie le statut des droits d’auteur et droits voisins d’aucune œuvre placée sous CC0. CC ne donne aucune garantie sur aucune œuvre ni sur son statut de droits d’auteur dans aucune juridiction et ne saurait être tenu pour responsable de toutes les utilisations faites de toute œuvre.
La personne qui a associé une œuvre à cet acte a dédié l’œuvre au domaine public en renonçant dans le monde entier à ses droits sur l’œuvre selon les lois sur le droit d’auteur, droit voisin et connexes, dans la mesure permise par la loi.
Vous pouvez copier, modifier, distribuer et représenter l’œuvre, même à des fins commerciales, sans avoir besoin de demander l’autorisation. Voir d’autres informations ci-dessous.
L’utilisation d’une œuvre libre de restrictions de droits d’auteur connues peut être par ailleurs réglementée ou limitée . L’œuvre ou son usage peut être régi(e) par les lois protégeant les données personnelles, les droits à l’image ou à la vie privée qui autorisent une personne à contrôler la manière dont sa voix, son image ou son apparence est utilisée, ou d’autres restrictions ou limitations selon le droit applicable.
En apprendre plus.
Dans certaines juridictions, suggérer injustement qu’un auteur, éditeur ou n’importe qui d’autre agrée l’usage que vous faites d’une œuvre peut être illégal.
En apprendre plus.
Copiez et collez le code HTML fourni dans votre page web pour citer facilement cette œuvre.
En apprendre plus
Celui qui affirme est la personne qui a cédé les droits sur l’œuvre au monde entier en utilisant CC0, dans la mesure permise par la loi. Il peut être l’auteur original de l’œuvre ou une autre personne qui a pu détenir certains droits d’auteur ou des droits voisins sur l’œuvre.
Utilisez cet outil pour votre propre œuvre.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.eo
La Popola Resumo ne estas jura ilo, sed nura konciza helpilo faciliganta kompreni la Juran Tekston de CC0, esprimanta al nejuristoj ties fundamentajn nociojn. Konsideru ĝin afabla interfaco por la Jura Teksto. La Resumo mem havas nenian juran valoron kaj ĝia enhavo ne aperas en la Jura Teksto de CC0.
La organizaĵo Krea Komunaĵo nek estas jura firmao nek provizas jurajn servojn. Distribuado, aperigado aŭ ligado al la Popola Resumo kreas nenian rilaton de advokato kaj kliento.
La Krea Komunaĵo kontrolis aŭtorrajtan staton de neniu el la verkoj, por kiu estas CC0 aplikita. La organizaĵo garantias nenion pri iu ajn verko aŭ ties aŭtorrajta stato en iu ajn jurisdikcio kaj rifuzas ĉiun responson pri ĉiuj ajn uzoj de ajna verko.
La persono, asociinta verkon al ĉi tiu dokumento, dediĉis la verkon al la publiko per rezigno pri ĉiuj siaj rajtoj por la verko, ekzistintaj tutmonde laŭ la aŭtorrajta leĝaro, inkluzive ĉiujn rilatajn kaj najbarajn rajtojn, ĝis la amplekso permesita de leĝaro.
Vi rajtas kopii, modifi, distribui kaj efektivigi la verkon, eĉ por komercaj celoj, ĉion sen peti permeson. Vidu Aliajn Informojn sube.
Uzo de verko sen konataj aŭtorrajtaj limigoj povas esti reguligita aŭ limigita alimaniere. La verkon aŭ ties uzon povas koncerni leĝoj pri protekto de personaj datenoj, rajtoj publikigaj, bildaj aŭ privatecaj, kiuj ebligas al persono kontroli, kiel ties voĉo, bildo aŭ similaĵo estas uzata, aŭ aliaj limigoj laŭ aplikebla leĝaro.
Ekscii pli.
En iuj jurisdikcioj povas esti kontraŭleĝe nerajtigite supozigi, ke la aŭtoro, publikiginto aŭ iu ajn alia subtenas vian uzon de la verko.
Ekscii pli.
Kopiu kaj algluu la provizitan HTML en vian retpaĝon por facila citado de la verko.
Ekscii pli
La atestinto estas persono, kiu tutmonde rezignis rajtojn por la verko uzinte CC0, ĝis la amplekso permesita de leĝaro. Povas temi pri la origina aŭtoro de la verko aŭ alia persono, kiu povis havi por la verko iun aŭtorrajton, eventuale rilatajn aŭ najbarajn jurajn rajtojn.
Uzi la ilon por via propra verko.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en
The Commons Deed is not a legal instrument. It is simply a handy reference for understanding the CC0 Legal Code, a human-readable expression of some of its key terms. Think of it as the user-friendly interface to the CC0 Legal Code beneath. This Deed itself has no legal value, and its contents do not appear in CC0.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this Commons Deed does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Creative Commons has not verified the copyright status of any work to which CC0 has been applied. CC makes no warranties about any work or its copyright status in any jurisdiction, and disclaims all liability for all uses of any work.
The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.
You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.
The use of a work free of known copyright restrictions may be otherwise regulated or limited. The work or its use may be subject to personal data protection laws, publicity, image, or privacy rights that allow a person to control how their voice, image or likeness is used, or other restrictions or limitations under applicable law.
Learn more.
In some jurisdictions, wrongfully implying that an author, publisher or anyone else endorses your use of a work may be unlawful.
Learn more.
Copy and paste the HTML provided into your webpage to easily cite this work.
Learn more
The affirmer is the person who surrendered rights to the work worldwide using CC0, to the extent allowable by law. It may be the original author of the work or another person who may have had some copyright or related or neighboring legal rights in the work.
Use this tool for your own work.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.de
Die "Commons Deed" (Lizenzkurzfassung) ist kein rechtliches Werkzeug. Sie ist nur ein praktischer Referenztext, um den rechtsverbindlichen CC0-Lizenztext besser zu verstehen. Die Commons Deed ist sozusagen eine für Nicht-Juristen lesbare Erklärung der wichtigsten Funktionen von CC0, ungefähr wie ein Benutzerhandbuch, hat aber selbst keine rechtliche Funktion.
Creative Commons ist keine Rechtsanwaltskanzlei und leistet keine Rechtsberatung. Die Bereitstellung, Anzeige oder Verlinkung dieser Commons Deed führt zu keinem Mandatsverhältnis.
Creative Commons hat nicht den tatsächlichen Schutzstatus von Werken und Inhalten überprüft, die mit CC0 freigegeben wurden. CC gibt daher keine Garantien oder Zusicherungen zu irgendwelchen Werken und ihrem Schutzstatus unter irgendwelchen Rechtsordnungen und übernimmt keinerlei Haftung für irgendwelche Nutzungen von Werken.
Die Person, die ein Werk mit dieser Deed verknüpft hat, hat dieses Werk in die Gemeinfreiheit - auch genannt Public Domain - entlassen, indem sie weltweit auf alle urheberrechtlichen und verwandten Schutzrechte verzichtet hat, soweit das gesetzlich möglich ist.
Sie dürfen das Werk kopieren, verändern, verbreiten und aufführen, sogar zu kommerziellen Zwecken, ohne um weitere Erlaubnis bitten zu müssen. Siehe Sonstige Informationen unten.
Die Nutzung eines Werkes, für das keine Urheberrechte mehr bekannt sind, kann dennoch auf andere Weise geregelt oder eingeschränkt sein. Es können z.B. Datenschutzbestimmungen zu beachten sein oder Persönlichkeitsrechte, die einer Person die Entscheidung darüber geben, wie ihre Stimme, ein Bild von ihr oder ihre Erscheinung von anderen genutzt werden darf.
Weitere Informationen.
In einigen Rechtsordnungen ist es illegal, ohne Erlaubnis den Eindruck zu erwecken, der Urheber, Verleger oder sonst ein mit dem Werk Verbundener würden gerade Ihre Nutzung des Werks unterstützen oder gutheißen.
Weitere Informationen.
Kopieren Sie das HTML und fügen Sie es in Ihre Webseite ein, um sehr einfach auf das Werk zu verweisen.
Weitere Informationen
Der Freigebende ist die Person, die Rechte an dem Werk durch die Verwendung von CC0 weltweit aufgegeben hat, soweit das gesetzlich möglich ist. Das kann der Urheber des Werks sein oder eine andere Person, die Urheberrechte oder andere verwandte Schutzrechte an dem Werk gehabt hat.
Verwenden Sie dieses rechtliche Werkzeug für Ihre eigenen Werke.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.da
Commons Deed er ikke et juridisk instrument. Det er ganske simpelt en kortfattet forklaring til at forstå den juridiske beskrivelse af CC0, et menneske-læsbart udtryk for nogle af licensaftalens nøglebegreber. Tænk på det som brugervenlig grænseflade til den juridiske tekst for CC0. Tænk på det som ikke havende nogen juridisk værdi, og dets indhold vises ikke i CC0.
Creative Commons er ikke et advokatfirma og giver ikke juridisk rådgivning. Distribution, visning eller link hertil denne Commons Deed skaber ikke et advokat-klient forhold.
Creative Commons har ikke verificeret om værket har en anden ophavsretslig status forud for at en person anvender CC0. CC giver ingen garantier om noget værk eller dets ophavsretsstatus i nogen jurisdiktion, og fralægger sig ethvert ansvar for al brug af ethvert værk.
Den person, der har forbundet et værk med denne licens har dedikeret værket til public domain ved at give afkald alle hans eller hendes rettigheder til arbejde over hele verden under loven om ophavsret, herunder alle relaterede og beslægtede rettigheder i det omfang, loven tillader.
Du kan kopiere, ændre, distribuere og fremføre dette værk, også til kommercielle formål, alle uden at spørge om lov. Se Andre oplysninger nedenfor.
The use of a work free of known copyright restrictions may be otherwise regulated or limited. The work or its use may be subject to personal data protection laws, publicity, image, or privacy rights that allow a person to control how their voice, image or likeness is used, or other restrictions or limitations under applicable law.
Lær mere.
In some jurisdictions, wrongfully implying that an author, publisher or anyone else endorses your use of a work may be unlawful.
Lær mere.
Kopier og indsæt den lille HTML-kode ind på din webside for nemt at citere dette arbejde.
Lær mere
The affirmer is the person who surrendered rights to the work worldwide using CC0, to the extent allowable by law. It may be the original author of the work or another person who may have had some copyright or related or neighboring legal rights in the work.
Brug dette værktøj til dit eget arbejde.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.ca
El Commons Deed no és un instrument legal. Simplement és una referència útil per entendre el codi legal de CC0, una explicació fàcilment intel·ligible dels principals termes. Penseu que és la interfície amigable del codi legal de CC0 que es troba a l'interior. Aquest resum per si sol no té valor legal i el seu contingut no apareix en CC0.
Creative Commons no és un bufet d'advocats i no ofereix serveis jurídics. La distribució, la comunicació o l'enllaç a aquest Commons Deed no crea cap relació advocat-client.
Creative Commons no ha verificat la situació dels drets de propietat intel·lectual de cap de les obres subjectes a CC0. CC no ofereix cap garantia sobra l'obra o l'estat legal i s'eximeix de tota responsabilitat per qualsevol ús que se'n faci.
La persona que ha associat una obra amb aquest document l'ha entregada al domini públic mitjançant la renúncia de tots els drets sobre l'obra pel que fa a la propietat intel·lectual, incloent-hi els drets afins, fins on és possible amb la llei vigent aplicable.
Podeu copiar, modificar, distribuir l'obra i fer-ne comunicació pública, fins i tot amb finalitat comercial, sense demanar cap mena de permís. Més informació a sota.
La utilització d'una obra lliure de de restriccions conegudes de propietat intel·lectual pot ser regulada o limitada d'una altra manera. L'obra o el seu ús pot estar subjecta a lleis de protecció de dades personals o a drets de publicitat, d'imatge o de privacitat que permeten a una persona controlar com es fa servir la seva veu, imatge o semblança, o altres restriccions o limitacions en virtut de la legislació aplicable.
Aprengueu-ne més.
En algunes jurisdiccions, pot ser il·legal implicar de manera errònia que un autor, un editor o qualsevol altra persona dóna suport a l'ús que feu d'una obra.
Aprengueu-ne més.
Copieu el codi HTML que us oferim i enganxeu-lo en la vostra pàgina web per facilitar la citació de l'obra.
Aprengueu-ne més
L'afirmador és aquella persona que ha renunciat a tots els drets per a tot el món mitjançant la llicència CC0, en la mesura permesa per la llei aplicable. Pot ser l'autor original de l'obra o qualsevol altra persona que hagi ostentat algun dret d'autor o drets afins sobre l'obra.
Utilitzeu aquesta eina per a una obra pròpia


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.es_ES
El resumen (Commons Deed) no es un instrumento legal. Simplemente es una referencia para entender el código legal de CC0, una descripción humanamente comprensible de sus términos clave. Piensa en él como una interficie amigable para acceder al código legal interno de CC0. El resumen por si solo no tiene valor legal y sus contenidos no aparecen en CC0.
Creative Commons no es un bufete de abogados y no ofrece servicios jurídicos. La distribución, la muestra, o el enlace de este resumen no crea ninguna relación abogado-cliente.
Creative Commons no verifica el estado de los derechos de ninguna de las obras sujetas a CC0. CC no ofrece ninguna garantía sobre la obra y su estado en cualquier jurisdicción y exime toda responsabilidad por cualquier uso que se haga de la obra.
La persona que ha asociado una obra a éste documento ha dedicado la misma al dominio publico, liberándola de forma mundial y en la medida que lo permita la ley, de todos sus derechos de propiedad intelectual, incluyendo todos los derechos conexos.
Puede copiar, modificar, distribuir la obra y hacer comunicación pública, incluso para fines comerciales, sin pedir permiso. Más información debajo.
El uso de una obra los derechos de propiedad intelectual de la cual son desconocidos, puede ocasionar que la misma resulte estar regulada o limitada. La obra o su uso puede estar sujeto a leyes de protección de datos, publicidad o derechos de privacidad que permitan a una persona controlar el uso de su voz , imagen o apariencia, así como otras restricciones o limitaciones bajo la ley aplicable.
Aprenda más.
En algunas jurisdicciones, el hecho de dar a entender de manera errónea que un autor, una editorial o cualquier otra persona respalda el uso que hace usted de una obra, puede ser ilegal.
Aprenda más.
Copie y pegue en su página web el código HTML proporcionado para facilitar la cita de su obra.
Aprenda más
El cedente es aquella persona que, en la medida que la ley lo permita, cede sus derechos de forma global mediante CC0, Puede ser el autor original del trabajo o cualquier otra persona que pueda haber tenido derechos de propiedad intelectual o derechos conexos sobre el trabajo.
Utilice esta herramienta para sus propias obras

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.es
El resumen (Commons Deed) no es un instrumento legal. Simplemente es una referencia para entender el código legal de CC0, una descripción legible por humanos de algunos de sus términos clave. Piensa en él como una interfaz amigable para acceder al código legal interno de CC0. El resumen por sí solo no tiene valor legal y sus contenidos no aparecen en CC0.
Creative Commons no es un bufete de abogados y no ofrece servicios de tipo legal. La distribución, exhibición o el enlace de este resumen no crea ninguna relación abogado-cliente.
Creative Commons no ha verificado la protección por derechos de autor de ninguna de las obras a las que se ha aplicado CC0. CC no ofrece garantía sobre ninguna obra ni sobre su protección bajo derechos de autor en ninguna jurisdicción, y se desliga de toda responsabilidad por todos los usos de cualquier obra.
La persona que asoció una obra con este resumen ha dedicado la obra al dominio público, mediante la renuncia a todos sus derechos patrimoniales de autor sobre la obra en todo el mundo, incluyendo todos los derechos conexos y afines, en la medida permitida por la ley.
Puedes copiar, modificar, distribuir la obra y hacer comunicación pública de ella, incluso para fines comerciales, sin pedir permiso. Más información debajo.
El uso de una obra libre de restricciones conocidas de derecho de autor puede ser regulado o limitado. La obra o su uso pueden estar sujetos a reglas legales de protección de datos personales, derechos de publicidad, imagen o privacidad que permiten a la persona controlar cómo su voz, imagen o apariencia es usada, u otras restricciones o limitaciones bajo la ley aplicable.
Aprende más.
En algunas jurisdicciones, podría ser ilegal dar a entender de forma indebida que un autor, editor o cualquier otra persona aprueba o respalda tu uso de una obra.
Aprende más.
Copia y pega el HTML entregado en tu página web para citar fácilmente esta obra.
Aprende más
El afirmador es la persona que entrega los derechos de la obra a todo el mundo usando CC0, en la medida permitida por la ley. Podría tratarse del autor original de la obra o de otra persona que puede haber tenido derechos de autor, derechos conexos u otros derechos relacionados sobre la obra.
Utiliza este herramienta para tus propias obras.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode.fi
Creative Commons
Useimmissa maailman oikeusjärjestelmissä myönnetään luovan työn itsenäisen ja omaperäisen tuloksen ja/tai tietokannan (kukin ”Teos”) tekijälle tai tältä oikeutensa johtaneille oikeudenhaltijoille (yhdessä ja erikseen ”oikeudenhaltija”) automaattisesti yksinomainen Tekijänoikeus ja yksinomaisia Läheisiä Oikeuksia (määritelty jäljempänä).
Jotkut oikeudenhaltijat haluavat pysyvästi luopua tällaisista Teokseen kohdistuvista oikeuksista tarkoituksenaan kartuttaa luovien, kulttuurillisten ja tieteellisten teosten muodostamia yhteisiä resursseja (”Yhteisresurssit”), joita suuri yleisö voi luotettavasti ja ilman oikeuden loukkaamista koskevien väitteiden pelkoa kehittää, muokata ja sisällyttää muihin teoksiin sekä käyttää uudelleen ja levittää edelleen niin vapaasti kuin mahdollista missä tahansa muodossa ja mitä tahansa tarkoitusta varten, sisältäen myös kaupalliset tarkoitukset. Tällaiset oikeudenhaltijat saattavat kartuttaa Yhteisresursseja edistääkseen vapaan kulttuurin ihannetta sekä uusien luovien, kulttuurin ja tieteen piiriin kuuluvien teosten tuottamista taikka saadakseen mainetta tai saattaakseen Teoksensa laajempaan levitykseen osin muiden siihen kohdistuvan käytön ja työn kautta.
Näistä ja/tai muista tarkoituksista ja vaikuttimista johtuen, ilman minkäänlaisia odotuksia enemmästä korvauksesta tai hyvityksestä, CC0:n Teokseen liittävä henkilö (”Vahvistaja”), sikäli ja siinä määrin kuin hän on Teoksen Tekijänoikeuden ja Läheisten Oikeuksien haltija, päättää vapaaehtoisesti soveltaa Teokseen CC0:a ja julkisesti levittää Teosta CC0:n mukaisesti tietoisena sekä omasta Tekijänoikeudestaan ja omista Läheisistä Oikeuksistaan Teokseen että CC0:n merkityksestä ja sillä tavoitelluista oikeusvaikutuksista tällaisiin oikeuksiin.
1. Tekijänoikeus ja Läheiset Oikeudet. CC0:n mukaisesti yleisön saataviin saatettuun Teokseen saattaa kohdistua tekijänoikeuksia, lähioikeuksia ja läheisiä oikeuksia (”Tekijänoikeus ja Läheiset Oikeudet”). Tekijänoikeuteen ja Läheisiin Oikeuksiin kuuluvat mm. seuraavat:
2. Oikeuksista luopuminen. Soveltuvan lainsäädännön sallimassa enimmäislaajuudessa lakia vastoin toimimatta Vahvistaja täten nimenomaisesti, täysin, pysyvästi, peruuttamattomasti ja ehdoitta hylkää ja luopuu kaikin osin Tekijänoikeudestaan ja Läheisistä Oikeuksistaan Teokseen sekä näihin oikeuksiin liittyvistä vaateista ja perusteista, olivatpa ne nyt tunnettuja tai tuntemattomia (sisältäen olemassa olevat ja tulevat vaateet ja perusteet), siten, että tämä luopuminen (i) käsittää kaikki maantieteelliset alueet maailmanlaajuisesti, (ii) on kestoltaan lain tai kansainvälisten sopimusten salliman enimmäisajan pituinen (ottaen huomioon tulevat enimmäisajan pidennykset), (iii) käsittää minkä tahansa nykyisen tai tulevan välineen sekä minkä tahansa kappaleiden määrän, (iv) mahdollistaa käytön missä tahansa tarkoituksessa sisältäen myös kaupallisen käytön sekä käytön mainos- ja myynninedistämistarkoituksissa (”Luopuminen”). Vahvistaja luopuu oikeuksistaan edellä mainitulla tavalla Teoksen käyttäjien ja hyödyntäjien hyväksi ja perillistensä ja seuraajiensa vahingoksi siinä vakaassa tarkoituksessa, että Luopumista ei kumota, peruuteta, pureta tai päätetä ja ettei muillakaan oikeudellisilla tai mihinkään oikeusteoriaan perustuvilla toimilla häiritä Teoksen käyttöä ja hyödyntämistä Vahvistajan nimenomaisessa Tarkoituksen Ilmauksessa kuvatulla tavalla.
3. Täydentävä julkinen lisenssi. Mikäli Luopuminen katsotaan sovellettavan lainsäädännön mukaan joiltain osin oikeudellisesti pätemättömäksi tai tehottomaksi, sovellettakoon Luopumista enimmäislaajuudessaan ottaen huomioon Vahvistajan nimenomainen Tarkoituksen Ilmaus. Lisäksi siltä osin kuin Luopuminen katsotaan pätemättömäksi tai tehottomaksi, Vahvistaja antaa jokaiselle, johon tämä vaikuttaa, rojaltivapaan, peruuttamattoman ja rajoittamattoman lisenssin koskien Vahvistajan Tekijänoikeutta ja Läheisiä Oikeuksia Teokseen, ilman siirto-, alilisensointi- tai yksinoikeutta, siten, että lisenssi (i) käsittää kaikki maantieteelliset alueet maailmanlaajuisesti, (ii) on kestoltaan lain tai kansainvälisten sopimusten salliman enimmäisajan pituinen (ottaen huomioon tulevat enimmäisajan pidennykset), (iii) käsittää minkä tahansa nykyisen tai tulevan välineen sekä minkä tahansa kappaleiden määrän, (iv) annetaan mihin tahansa tarkoitukseen sisältäen myös kaupallisen käytön sekä käytön mainos- ja myynninedistämistarkoituksissa (”Lisenssi”). Lisenssin katsotaan olevan voimassa siitä päivästä lukien, jolloin Vahvistaja sovelsi Teokseen CC0:aa. Mikäli Lisenssi katsotaan sovellettavan lainsäädännön mukaan joiltain osin oikeudellisesti mitättömäksi tai tehottomaksi, tällainen osittainen mitättömyys tai tehottomuus ei mitätöi Lisenssiä muilta osin ja Vahvistaja vakuuttaa, ettei hän tule vastoin nimenomaista Tarkoituksen Ilmaustaan (i) vetoamaan Tekijänoikeuteensa ja Läheisiin Oikeuksiinsa, siltä osin kuin sellaisia yhä kohdistuu Teokseen, taikka (ii) esittämään mitään tähän liittyviä vaatimuksia tai väitteitä Teosta koskien.
4. Rajoitukset ja vastuuvapauslauseke.
« Takaisin tiivistelmäsivulle

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode.fr
Creative Commons
Les lois de la plupart des juridictions à travers le monde accordent automatiquement des Droits d'Auteur et Droits Voisins exclusifs (définis ci-dessous) au créateur et au(x) titulaire(s) de droits successif(s) (ci-après, le « titulaire ») d'une œuvre originale et/ou d'une base de données (ci-après, une « Œuvre» ).
Certains titulaires souhaitent renoncer de façon définitive à ces droits sur une Œuvre dans le but de contribuer à un fonds commun d'œuvres créatives, culturelles et scientifiques (les « Communs ») que le public a la possibilité d'élaborer, de modifier, et d'incorporer dans d'autres œuvres de façon fiable et sans crainte de recours ultérieurs pour contrefaçon, de réutiliser et de redistribuer aussi librement que possible sous n'importe quelle forme et pour n'importe quelle finalité, y compris, et sans réserves, à des fins commerciales. Ces titulaires contribuent aux Communs pour promouvoir les idéaux d'une culture libre et accroître la production d'œuvres créatives, culturelles et scientifiques, ou pour acquérir une réputation ou une plus grande diffusion de leur Œuvre, notamment grâce à l'utilisation et aux efforts des autres.
C'est pour ces finalités et motivations, ainsi que pour d'autres, et sans attendre aucune rémunération, avantage ou compensation supplémentaire, que la personne associant CC0 à une Œuvre (le « Déclarant »), dans la mesure où elle est titulaire des Droits d'Auteur et des Droits Voisins sur l'Œuvre, décide volontairement d'appliquer CC0 à l'Œuvre et de distribuer publiquement l'Œuvre sous ses conditions, en toute connaissance de ses Droits d'Auteur et Droits Voisins sur l'Œuvre, ainsi que de la portée et des effets juridiques de CC0 sur ces droits.
1. Droit d'Auteur et Droits Voisins. Il est possible qu'une Œuvre mise à disposition sous CC0 soit protégée par des droits d'auteur et des droits voisins (« Droit d'Auteur et Droits Voisins »). Le Droit d'Auteur et les Droits Voisins comportent, sans s'y limiter, les droits suivants :
2. Renonciation. Dans la mesure du possible et sans enfreindre la loi en vigueur, le Déclarant affirme par la présente céder, abandonner, et renoncer ouvertement, pleinement, définitivement, irrévocablement et sans conditions à tous ses Droits d'Auteur et Droits Voisins, ainsi qu'à toute prétention, recours et possibilités d'action judiciaire, qu'ils soient à cet instant connus ou inconnus (y compris les prétentions, recours et possibilités d'action judiciaire qui seraient associés ou à naître), sur l'Œuvre, (i) partout dans le monde, (ii) pour la durée maximale prévue par les lois ou traités en vigueur (y compris les prolongations futures de cette durée), (iii) sur n'importe quel support existant ou futur et quel que soit le nombre de copies, et (iv) pour toute finalité quelle qu’elle soit, y compris, et sans réserve, les finalités commerciales, publicitaires ou promotionnelles (la « Renonciation »). La Renonciation est faite au bénéfice de chaque membre du public et au détriment des héritiers et successeurs du Déclarant, avec la ferme intention que cette Renonciation ne soit pas soumise à révocation, annulation, résiliation, interruption, ou de tout autre recours juridique ou judiciaire susceptible de perturber la jouissance paisible de l'Œuvre par le public telle que prévue par la Déclaration d'Intention du Déclarant.
3. Licence Publique Supplétive. Au cas où une partie quelconque de la Renonciation serait jugée juridiquement nulle ou sans effet pour quelque raison que ce soit en vertu de la loi en vigueur, la Renonciation devra être préservée dans la mesure maximum permise, de manière à permettre la prise en compte la plus large de la Déclaration d'Intention du Déclarant. De plus, dans la mesure où la Renonciation serait jugée ainsi, le Déclarant accorde par la présente à chaque personne concernée une licence gratuite, non transférable, non sous-licenciable, non exclusive, irrévocable et inconditionnelle d’exercer les Droits d'Auteur et Droits Voisins sur l'Œuvre (i) partout dans le monde, (ii) pour la durée maximale prévue par les lois ou traités en vigueur (y compris les prolongations futures de cette durée), (iii) sur n'importe quel support existant ou futur et quel que soit le nombre de copies, et (iv) pour toute finalité quelle qu’elle soit, y compris, et sans réserve, les finalités commerciales, publicitaires ou promotionnelles (la « Licence »). La Licence sera réputée effective à la date à laquelle le Déclarant aura appliqué CC0 à l'Œuvre. Dans le cas où une partie quelconque de la Licence serait jugée juridiquement nulle ou sans effet pour quelque raison que ce soit en vertu de la loi en vigueur, une telle invalidité partielle ou ineffectivité n'invalidera pas le reste de la Licence, et dans un tel cas, le Déclarant affirme par la présente qu'il ou elle (i) n'exercera aucun de ses Droits d'Auteur ou Droits Voisins subsistant sur l'Œuvre ou (ii) ne revendiquera aucune prétention, recours et possibilité d'action judiciaire relatifs à l'Œuvre qui serait opposé à la Déclaration d'Intention du Déclarant.
4. Limitations et Avertissements.
« Retour à la page du résumé explicatif


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode
Creative Commons
The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").
Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.
For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.
1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following:
2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.
3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.
4. Limitations and Disclaimers.
« Back to Commons Deed

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ro
Acest text subliniaza doar câteva din caracteristicile cheie și termenii actualei licenței actuale. Nu este o licență și nu are nici o valoare din punct de vedere legal. Ar trebui să analizezi toți termenii și toate condițiile licenței actuale înainte de începerea utilizării acesteia.
Creative Commons nu este o firmă de avocatură și nu oferă servicii juridice. Distribuirea, afișarea, ori trimiterea cătrea acest act ori către licența ce îl rezumă nu creează o relație de tip avocat-client ori de oricare alt fel.
Atribuire — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuirea acestei opere:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mai multe informații.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mai multe informații.
În versiunea 4.0, trebuie să menționezi dacă ai modificat materialul și să păstrezi indicatori ai modificărilor precedente. În versiunea 3.0 și în alte versiuni anterioare, indicarea modificărilor aduse este solicitată doar dacă ai creat o operă derivată.
Ghid de marcare.
Mai multe informații.
Poți folosi de asemenea o licență ce apare ca fiind compatibilă pe https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mai multe informații.
O utilizare în scopuri comerciale este o utilizare destinată obținerii unui avantaj comercial sau unei compensații financiare.
Mai multe informații.
Simpla schimbare a formatului nu crează niciodată o operă derivată.
Mai multe informații.
Licența interzice aplicarea măsurilor tehnologice efective, definite prin referință la Articolul 11 al Tratatului privind Dreptul de Autor al Organizației Mondiale a Proprietății Intelectuale
Mai multe informații.
Drepturile utilizatorilor (ce pot realiza activități ce intră categoria excepțiilor și limitărilor), conform bunei uzanței, nu sunt afectate de licențele CC.
Mai multe informații.
Va trebui să primești permisiuni suplimentare înainte de utilizarea operei așa cum intenționezi.
Mai multe informații.
Află mai multe despre licențierea CC, sau folosește această licență pentru opera ta.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.pt_BR
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Você deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — Você deve dar o crédito apropriado, prover um link para a licença e indicar se mudanças foram feitas. Você deve fazê-lo em qualquer circunstância razoável, mas de maneira alguma que sugira ao licenciante a apoiar você ou o seu uso.
Atribuir este trabalho:
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e partes da atribuição, um aviso de direito autoral, um aviso de licença e um link para o material. Licenças CC anteriores à versão 4.0 também requerem a você prover o título do material se fornecido e quaisquer outras mudanças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores sob exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.pt
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuir este trabalho:
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e das partes de atribuição, o aviso de direito de autor, o aviso da licença, o aviso de exoneração de responsabilidade e um link para o material. As licenças CC anteriores à Versão 4.0 também exigem que você forneça o título do material, se indicado, e podem ter outras ligeiras diferenças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores decorrentes de exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.pl
Przystępne podsumowanie licencji opisuje jedynie wybrane warunki i zapisy licencji Creative Commons. Niniejszy tekst nie jest licencją prawnoautorską i nie posiada wartości prawnej. Przed użyciem licencjonowanego utworu należy dokładnie zapoznać się z warunkami licencyjnymi zawartymi w licencji.
Creative Commons nie jest firmą prawniczą i nie świadczy usług prawnych. Rozpowszechnianie, publikowanie lub tworzenie odnośników do niniejszego przystępnego podsumowania ("Commons Deed") nie tworzy stosunku prawnego „adwokat-klient”.
Uznanie autorstwa — Utwór należy odpowiednio oznaczyć, podać link do licencji i wskazać jeśli zostały dokonane w nim zmiany . Możesz to zrobić w dowolny, rozsądny sposób, o ile nie sugeruje to udzielania prze licencjodawcę poparcia dla Ciebie lub sposobu, w jaki wykorzystujesz ten utwór.
Uznaj autorstwo utworu:
Odpowiednie zasady mediacji zostaną wskazane w nocie prawnej opublikowanej z utworem, lub w przypadku ich braku we wniosku o mediację. Jeśli nie zaznaczono inaczej w nocie prawnej dołączonej do utworu, zastosowanie mają Reguły Arbitrażowe Komisji Narodów Zjednoczonych do spraw międzynarodowego prawa handlowego (UNCITRAL).
Więcej informacji.
Należy podać imię i nazwisko twórcy utworu lub innych podmiotów, których autorstwo należy uznać - o ile zostały podane, a także informację prawnoautorską, informację licencyjną, notę o wyłączeniu odpowiedzialności oraz odnośnik do utworu. Licencje CC wcześniejsze niż wersja 4.0 posiadają wymóg podania tytułu utworu - o ile został on podany, oraz mogą mieć inne niewielkie różnice.
Więcej informacji.
W wersji 4.0 licencji należy wskazać, czy materiał został zmodyfikowany oraz zachować opisy wcześniejszych modyfikacji (jeśli miały miejsce). W wersji 3.0 oraz wcześniejszych, zaznaczenie zmian było wymagane tylko jeśli powstał utwór zależny.
Wskazówki jak oznaczać.
Więcej informacji.
Można również wykorzystać kompatybilną licencję opisaną na stronie https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Więcej informacji.
Przez użycie komercyjne rozumiemy takie, które służy przede wszystkim uzyskaniu korzyści majątkowej lub pieniężnego wynagrodzenia.
Więcej informacji.
Sama zmiana formatu nigdy nie powoduje powstania utworu zależnego
Więcej informacji.
Licencja zakazuje wykorzystania skutecznych zabezpieczeń technicznych, zdefiniowanych w odniesieniu do Artykułu 11 traktatu WIPO o prawie autorskim.
Więcej informacji.
Licencje CC nie wpływają na prawa użytkowników wynikające z ograniczeń i wyjątków od prawa autorskiego, takich jak przepisy dozwolonego użytku, fair use czy fair dealing.
Więcej informacji.
Dodatkowe zezwolenia mogą być niezbędne aby móc korzystać z utworu w zamierzony sposób.
Więcej informacji.
Dowiedz się więcej na temat licencji Creative Commons albo użyj tej licencji dla udostępnienia własnych treści.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.no
Dette sammendraget fremhever bare noen av de viktigste egenskapene og vilkårene i lisensen. Det er ikke en lisens og har ingen juridisk betydning. Du bør lese nøye gjennom alle bestemmelsene og vilkårene i selve lisensen før du bruker det lisensierte materialet.
Creative Commons er ikke et advokatfirma og tilbyr ikke juridiske tjenester. Å distribuere, vise, eller lenke til denne oppsummeringen eller til lisensen som oppsummeres skaper ikke et advokat-klient-relasjon eller noen annen relasjon.
Navngivelse — Du må oppgi korrekt kreditering, oppgi en lenke til lisensen, og indikere om endringer er blitt gjort. Du kan kan gjøre dette på enhver rimelig måte, men uten at det kan forstås slik at lisensgiver bifaller deg eller din bruk av verket.
Krediter dette verk:
De gjeldende bestemmelser vedrørende mekling vil bli angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen som er knyttet til verket, eller i anmodningen om mekling dersom ingen slik bestemmelse er angitt. Med mindre annet er angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen knyttet til arbeidet, skal UNCITRALs voldgiftsregler gjelde for enhver mekling.
Mer informasjon.
Dersom det er oppgitt må du vise navnet på opphavspersoner og andre parter som skal navngis. Videre må du vise en opphavsrettnotis, en lisensangivelse, en ansvarsfraskrivelse, og en lenke til materialet. CC lisenser før CC 4.0 har også et krav om at du skal oppgi tittelen på materialet dersom den er oppgitt, og kan ha andre mindre forskjeller.
Mer informasjon.
I 4.0 må du indikere dersom du har endret materialet og beholde en indikasjon på tidligere endringer. I 3.0 og tidligere lisensversjoner er indikasjon av endringer kun nødvendig dersom du skaper en bearbeidelse.
Retningslinjer for markering.
Mer informasjon.
Du kan også benytte en lisens som er angitt som kompatibel på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer informasjon.
Kommersiell bruk er først og fremst bruk som har til hensikt å oppnå en kommersiell fordel eller i ervervsøyemed.
Mer informasjon.
Bare å endre formatet skaper ikke en bearbeidelse.
Mer informasjon.
Lisensen forbyr bruk av effektive teknologiske tiltak, definert med referanse til artikkel 11 i WIPO-traktaten om opphavsrett og kapittel 6a åndsverkloven.
Mer informasjon.
De rettighetene som er gitt brukere under unntak og begrensninger i opphavsretten, for eksempel de som er gitt i åndsverkslovens bestemmelser om rimelig anvendelse (lånereglene), blir ikke berørt av CC-lisensene.
Mer informasjon.
Du må kanskje trenge flere tillatelser før du kan bruke materialet slik du har tenkt.
Mer informasjon.
Lær mer om CC-lisensiering, eller bruk lisensen for ditt eget materiale.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ms
Surat ikatan ini menekankan hanya sebahagian ciri-ciri utama dan terma-terma daripada lesen asal. Ia bukan lesen dan tidak mempunyai nilai dari segi perundangan. Anda perlu membaca dengan teliti semua terma dan syarat daripada lesen asal sebelum menggunakan material yang dilesenkan.
Creative Commons bukan sebuah firma guaman dan tidak menawarkan khidmat nasihat perundangan. Pengedaran, pameran, atau pemautan ke surat ikatan ini atau lesen yang meringkaskannya tidak mewujudkan hubungan peguam cara dan anak guam atau sebarang hubungan yang lain.
Atribusi — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribut karya ini:
Peraturan pengantaraan yang berkenaan akan ditetapkan dalam notis hak cipta yang disiarkan dengan karya, atau jika tidak maka dalam permintaan itu untuk pengantaraan. Melainkan jika ditetapkan dalam notis hak cipta dilampirkan dengan karya, Kaedah-Kaedah Timbang Tara UNCITRAL terpakai bagi mana-mana timbangtara.
Maklumat tambahan.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Maklumat tambahan.
Dalam 4.0, anda perlu menunjukkan sekiranya anda telah mengubah suai bahan dan mengekalkan indikasi pengubahsuaian sebelumnya. Dalam 3.0 atau versi lesen-lesen sebelumnya, indikasi perubahan hanya diperlukan sekiranya anda cipta sesebuah terbitan.
Menanda panduan.
Maklumat tambahan.
Anda juga boleh guna lesen yang disenaraikan serasi di https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Maklumat tambahan.
Sesebuah penggunaan komersial ialah satu tujuan utama untuk kebaikan komersial atau pampasan kewangan.
Maklumat tambahan.
Hanya mengubah format yang tidak pernah mencipta sesuatu penerbitan
Maklumat tambahan.
Lesen ini melarang aplikasi penyukatan teknologi yang efektif, didefinisikan dengan rujukan ke Artikel 11 daripada Perjanjian Hak Cipta WIPO.
Maklumat tambahan.
Hak-hak pengguna di bawah pengecualian-pengecualian dan pembatasan-pembatasan, seperti penggunaan saksama dan pembagian saksama, tidak dipengaruhi oleh lesen-lesen CC.
Maklumat tambahan.
Anda perlu mendapatkan kebenaran tambahan sebelum menggunakan bahan yang sesuai dengan kehendak anda.
Maklumat tambahan.
Ketahui lebih lanjut tentang perlesenan CC, atau gunakan lesen untuk bahan anda sendiri.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.hu
Ez az egyszerűsített változat a licenc néhány kulcsfontosságú részét emeli ki. Ez jogi szempontból nem számít szerződésnek és nincs kötelező ereje. A licenccel érintett mű használata előtt gondosan tanulmányozd a teljes licenc-szöveg tartalmát.
A Creative Commons nem ügyvédi iroda és nem végez jogi szolgáltatásokat. Ezen egyszerűsített szöveg vagy a teljes licenc terjesztése, bemutatása vagy arra való hivatkozás nem keletkeztet ügyvéd-kliens vagy bármilyen egyéb kapcsolatot.
Nevezd meg! — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Megjelölendő szerző:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
További információk.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
További információk.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
További információk.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
További információk.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
További információk.
Nem keletkeztet származékos művet a formátum megváltoztatása.
További információk.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
További információk.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
További információk.
További engedélyekre lehet szükséged ahhoz hogy a művet céljaidra felhasználhasd.
További információk.
Tudj meg többet a CC licencelésről, vagy használd a licencet saját műveidhez.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.lt
Šis dokumentas išryškina tik keletą esminių pačios licencijos savybių ir sąlygų. Tai nėra licencija ir neturi jokios teisinės galios. Turėtumėte atidžiai peržiūrėti visas pačios licencijos sąlygas prieš naudodami licencijuotą turinį.
Creative Commons nėra advokatų kontora ir neteikia teisinių paslaugų. Platinimas, rodymas ar nuorodos davimas į teisinio dokumento tekstą ar jį apibendrinančią licenciją nereiškia advokato-kliento ar kokio kito santykio.
Priskyrimas — Privalote nurodyti autorystę, įdėti nuorodą į licenciją bei nurodyti, ar yra pakeitimų. Galite tai atlikti bet kokiu racionaliu būdu, bet jokiu būdu nesudarant įspūdžio, kad licencijuotojas palaiko jus ar kaip kūrinys naudojamas.
Priskirti šį kūrinį:
Taikytinos tarpininkavimo taisyklės bus numatytos autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, arba, tokio nesant, tarpininkavimo prašyme. Nebent būtų numatyta autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, UNCITRAL arbitražo taisyklės yra taikomos visiems arbitražo atvejams.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jei teikiama, privalote pateiti kūrėjų ir šalių vardus, autorių teisių pranešimą,atsakomybės apribojimą ir nuorodą į medžiagą. Su CC licencijomis iki 4.0 versijos taip pat privaloma pateikti medžiagos pavadinimą, jei yra, ir taip pat gali būti kitų nenidelių skirtumų.
Daugiau informacijos.
4.0 versijoje turite nurodyti, jei keitėte turinį, ir išsaugoti ankstesnių pakeitimų nuorodas. 3.0 ir ankstesnėse licencijos versijose pokyčius nurodyti reikia tik išvestiniams kūriniams.
Ženklinimo vadovas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Taip pat galite naudotis licencija, kuri nurodoma kaip suderinama čia: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daugiau informacijos.
Komercinis panaudojimas yra toks, kuris visų pirma skirtas komencinei naudai ar piniginei grąžai.
Daugiau informacijos.
Pakeitus tik formatą, išvestinis kūrinys niekad nėra nesukuriamas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Ši licencija draudžia veiksmingų technologinių priemonių, apibrėžtų atsižvelgiant į PINO autorių teisių sutarties 11 straipsnį, taikymą.
Daugiau informacijos.
Vartotojų teisės esant išimčių ir apribojimų, pavyzdžiui, sąžiningo naudojimo, nesikeičia dėl CC licencijų.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jums gali tekti gauti papildomų leidimų prieš naudojant medžiagą taip, kaip jūs ketinate.
Daugiau informacijos.
Sužinokite daugiau apie CC licencijas arba naudokite šią licenciją savo turiniui.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.lv
Šis akts apraksta tikai galvenās patiesās licences īpašības. Tas nav pati licence un tam nav juridiskas vērtības. Jums būtu uzmanīgi jāizskata patiesās licences terminus un noteikumus pirms licencēt ar to savus materiālus.
Radošā kopiena nav juridiska firma un nepiedāvā juridiskus pakalpojumus. Šī akta attēlošana, izplatīšana vai saite uz to neveido nekādas klienta-advokāta vai citas juridiskas attiecības.
Atsaucoties — Jums ir atbilstoši jāatsaucas uz darbu, norādot saiti uz licenci un jānorāda veiktās izmaiņas. Jūs varat to darīt dažādos saprātīgos veidos, bet noteikti ne tā, kas liktu domāt, ka licencētājs ir apstiprinājis jūsu darbu vai tajā veiktās izmaiņas.
Atzīmēt šo darbu:
Publicētā darba autortiesību atrunās tiks pievienoti attiecīgi pielāgotas autortiesību atrunas. Ja nav norādīts citādi, darbam pievienotajās autortiesību atrunās, tiks izmantoti UNCITRAL arbitrācijas likumi.
Papildu informācija.
Ja pievieno, jums ir jānorāda autora nosaukums un atsaucēm izmantojamās personas, autortiesību un licences atrunas, un saite uz materiālu. CC licencēm pirms 4.0 versijas ir jānorāda arī darba nosaukums un ir arī citas nebūtiskas atšķirības.
Papildu informācija.
4.0 versijā jums ir jānorāda mainītais materiāls un jāsaglabā arī iepriekšējās izmaiņas. 3.0 un agrākās versijās izmaiņas ir jānorāda tikai tad, ja veidojat atvasinātu darbu.
Iezīmēšanas vednis.
Papildu informācija.
Jūs varat lietot arī citas savietojamas licences
Papildu informācija.
Ar komerciālām vajadzībām pamatā saprotam atlīdzību naudā vai kādu citu komerciālu ieguvumu.
Papildu informācija.
Saglabājot darbu citā formātā, tas nav uzskatāms par atvasinātu darbu.
Papildu informācija.
Licence aizliedz izmantot tehniskus ierobežojumus, kā tie ir norādīti 11. punktā WIPO autortiesību līgumā.
Papildu informācija.
CC licences neietekmē lietotāju tiesības un ierobežojumus izņēmumu gadījumos, piemēram, godīgās izmantošanas gadījumā.
Papildu informācija.
Jums var būt nepieciešama papildu atļauja, lai lietotu materiālu tā, kā to vēlaties.
Papildu informācija.
Uzziniet vairāk parr CC licencēšanu vai tās lietošanu jūsu materiāliem.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.it
Questo documento evidenzia alcune caratteristiche e termini chiave della licenza vera e propria. Non è una licenza e non ha valore legale. Prima di utilizzare il materiale dato in licenza dovresti leggere attentamente tutti i termini e le condizioni della licenza vera e propria.
L'associazione Creative Commons non è uno studio legale e non fornisce servizi di consulenza legale. Distribuire, pubblicare o collegare tramite link a questo documento o alla licenza che esso riassume non instaura un rapporto avvocato-cliente o di qualsivoglia altro tipo.
Attribuzione — Devi riconoscere una menzione di paternità adeguata, fornire un link alla licenza e indicare se sono state effettuate delle modifiche. Puoi fare ciò in qualsiasi maniera ragionevole possibile, ma non con modalità tali da suggerire che il licenziante avalli te o il tuo utilizzo del materiale.
Attribuisci quest'opera:
Le norme di mediazione applicabili saranno individuate nella nota di copyright pubblicata con l'opera o, in mancanza, nella richiesta di mediazione. Salvo sia convenuto altrimenti in una nota di copyright acclusa all'opera, le UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules si applicano a qualsiasi arbitrato.
Maggiori informazioni.
Se forniti, devi indicare il nome del creatore e delle altre parti designate a ricevere l'attribuzione di paternità, l'informativa sul diritto d'autore, l'informativa sulla licenza, l'informativa sull'esonero da responsabilità e un link al materiale. Le licenze CC antecedenti alla Versione 4.0 richiedono inoltre di indicare il titolo del materiale, se fornito, e possono presentare altre lievi differenze.
Maggiori informazioni.
La versione 4.0 delle licenze richiede che tu indichi se il materiale è stato modificato e mantenga un indicazione circa le modifiche antecedenti. La versione 3.0 e quelle precedenti richiedono l'indicazione dei cambiamenti solo nel caso in cui tu abbia creato un opera derivata.
Marking guide.
Maggiori informazioni.
Puoi anche adottare una licenza tra quelle elencate come compatibili all'indirizzo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Maggiori informazioni.
Un uso commerciale è quello prevalentemente inteso al perseguimento di un vantaggio commerciale o di un compenso monetario.
Maggiori informazioni.
Cambiare semplicemente il formato non crea mai un'opera derivata.
Maggiori informazioni.
La licenza proibisce l'applicazione di misure tecnologiche, come definite dall'articolo 11 del Trattato OMPI sul diritto d'autore.
Maggiori informazioni.
I diritti degli utenti derivanti da eccezioni o limitazioni al diritto d'autore, tra i quali "fair use" e "fair dealing", non sono pregiudicati dalle licenze CC.
Maggiori informazioni.
Potresti aver bisogno di autorizzazioni aggiuntive prima di utilizzare il materiale nei modi che ti sei prefisso.
Maggiori informazioni.
Scopri di più sul funzionamento delle licenze CC o utilizza questa licenza per il tuo materiale.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.id
Lisensi ini hanya mencantumkan ringkasan fitur penting dan ketentuan dari lisensi yang sebenarnya. Lisensi ini bukan lisensi yang sebenarnya dan tidak memiliki kekuatan hukum. Anda harus mengetahui seluruh ketentuan dan kondisi di dalam teks lisensi yang sebenarnya sebelum menggunakan materi berlisensi CC.
Creative Commons bukanlah suatu firma hukum dan tidak memberikan layanan hukum. Penyebarluasan, penggunaan, dan penautan kepada lisensi ini atau lisensi ringkas tidak menyebabkan munculnya suatu hubungan pengacara-klien atau hubungan lainnya.
Atribusi — Anda harus mencantumkan nama yang sesuai, mencantumkan tautan terhadap lisensi, dan menyatakan bahwa telah ada perubahan yang dilakukan. Anda dapat melakukan hal ini dengan cara yang sesuai, namun tidak mengisyaratkan bahwa pemberi lisensi mendukung Anda atau penggunaan Anda.
Atribusikan ciptaan ini:
Hukum acara mediasi yang berlaku akan dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, atau apabila tidak dicantumkan maka dinyatakan dalam permintaan mediasi. Apabila tidak dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, maka Hukum Acara Arbitrase UNCITRAL berlaku untuk setiap arbitrase.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Apabila tersedia, Anda harus mencantumkan nama pencipta dan pihak terkait, pemberitahuan hak cipta, pemberitahuan lisensi, sangkalan, dan tautan terhadap materi yang digunakan. Lisensi CC sebelum Versi 4.0 juga mengharuskan Anda untuk mencantumkan judul materi yang digunakan apabila tersedia, dan mungkin memiliki beberapa persyaratan yang berbeda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pada lisensi versi 4.0, Anda harus menyatakan apabila Anda mengubah materi yang digunakan dan mengindikasikan perubahan sebelumnya. Pada lisensi versi 3.0 dan sebelumnya, indikasi perubahan hanya diperlukan apabila Anda membuat ciptaan turunan.
Tanda panduan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda juga dapat menggunakan lisensi serupa yang tercantum pada https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Penggunaan komersial adalah penggunaan yang ditujukan untuk memperoleh keuntungan komersial atau kompensasi dalam bentuk uang.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Perubahan format ciptaan tidak berarti menghasilkan sebuah ciptaan turunan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Lisensi ini melarang penggunaan sarana kontrol teknologi, yang dimaksud dalam Pasal 11 Perjanjian Hak Cipta WIPO.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Hak para pengguna di bawah pengecualian dan pembatasan, seperti penggunaan wajar, tidak terpengaruh oleh lisensi CC.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda mungkin membutuhkan izin tambahan sebelum menggunakan materi ini sesuai tujuan Anda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pelajari lebih lanjut tentang penggunaan lisensi CC, atau gunakan lisensi ini untuk ciptaan Anda.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.hr
Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) naglašava samo neke ključne značajke i uvjete same licence. On sam nije licence i nema pravnu težinu. Stoga pažljivo trebate proći uvjete i odredbe same licence prije nego što koristite licencirani materijal.
Creative Commons nije odvjetnički ured i ne pruža pravne usluge. Distribuiranje, prikazivanje ili postavljanje linka na Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) ili samu licencu ne konstituira odnos pravnog zastupanja ili bilo kakav drugi odnos.
Imenovanje — Morate adekvatno navesti autora, uvrstiti link na licencu i naznačiti eventualne izmjene. Možete to učiniti na bilo koji razuman način, ali ne smijete sugerirati da davatelj licence izravno podupire Vas ili Vaše korištenje djela.
Navedite autora ovog djela:
Važeća pravila mirenja mogu se odrediti u autorskopravnom upozorenju koje dolazi uz djelo. A ako ga nema, onda u zahtjevu za mirenjem. Ako nije drugačije naznačeno u autorskopravnom upozorenju, za svaku arbitražu važe UNCITRAL-ova Arbitracijska pravila.
Više informacija.
Ako je naznačeno, morate ponuditi ime autora i atribucijskih stranaka, obavijest o autorskim pravima, obavijest o licenci, obavijest o odricanju od odgovornosti i link s materijalima. Ranije verzije CC od verzije 4.0. licenci traže da navedete naslov materijala i imaju nešto drugačije atribucijske zahtjeve.
Više informacija.
U verziji 4.0 morate naznačiti ako ste sami mijenjali materija i zadržati naznaku prethodnih izmjena. U verziji 3.0 i ranijim verzijama, naznaka napravljene izmjene nužna je samo u slučajevima prerade djela.
Vodič za obilježavanje.
Više informacija.
Možete također koristiti licencu koja je navedena na adresi: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Više informacija.
Komercijalno iskorištavanje djela prije svega ide za stjecanjem komercijalne koristi ili novčane naknade.
Više informacija.
Samo promjena formata nikada ne stvara preradu.
Više informacija.
Licenca zabranjuje primjenu tehnoloških mjera kako su definirane u Članu 11. Ugovora o autorskom pravu Svjetske organizacije za intelektualno vlasništvo (WIPO).
Više informacija.
CC licence ne utječu na prava korisnika u okviru iznimki ili ograničenja autorskog prava.
Više informacija.
Možda morate dobiti dodatna dopuštenja prije no što smijete koristiti materijal na željeni način.
Više informacija.
Saznajte više o CC licencama ili dodajte licencu na vlastiti materijal.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.gl
Esta declaración realza soamente algunha das características clave e os termos da licenza actual. Non é unha licenza e non ten valor legal. Debería revisar coidadosamente todos os termos e condicións da licenza actual antes de utilizar o material licenciado.
Creative Commons non é unha empresa xurídica e non fornece servizos legais. A distribución, presentación ou vínculo con esta escritura ou coa licenza que a resume non crea unha relación de avogado-cliente nin ningunha outra.
Atribución — Debe dar o recoñecemento apropiado, fornecer un vínculo á licenza e indicar se se fixeron cambios. Pode facelo de calquera maneira razoábel pero non de maneira que poida suxerir que o licenciante o apoia a vostede ou o seu uso.
Atribuír esta obra a:
As regras de mediación aplicábeis serán designadas nas notas de dereitos de autor publicadas coa obra, ou cando non hai ningunha na solicitada para mediación. A menos que se designe doutra maneira, nunha nota sobre dereitos de autor anexa á obra, aplicaranse as normas UNCITRAL a calquera arbitraxe.
Máis info.
De saberse, debe fornecer o nome do creador e a atribución de partes, unha nota de dereitos de autor, unha nota sobre a licenza, unha nota de aviso legal e un vínculo ao material. As licenzas CC anteriores á versión 4.0 tamén requiren que forneza o título do material, de saberse e pode ter outras leves diferenzas.
Máis info.
En 4.0, debe indicar se modifica o material e retén unha indicación das modificacións previas. Na versión 3.0 e anteriores da licenza, a indicación de cambios soamente se require se creas unha obra derivada.
Guía de marcado.
Máis info.
Tamén pode utilizar unha licenza listada como compatíbel en https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Máis info.
Unha utilización comercial é aquela que ten como propósito primario obter unha vantaxe comercial ou unha compensación económica.
Máis info.
Por simplemente cambiar o formato non se crea unha obra derivada.
Máis info.
A licenza prohibe a aplicación de medidas tecnolóxicas efectivas, segundo se derine no artigo 11 do Acordo de dereitos de autor WIPO.
Máis info.
Os dereitos dos usuarios con excepcións e limitacións, tales como o uso legal e o comercio legal non se ven afectados polas licenzas CC.
Máis info.
Pode necesitar obter permisos adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Máis info.
Aprender máis sobre o licenciamento CC utilización da licenza para o seu propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.fr
Ce résumé n'indique que certaines des dispositions clé de la licence. Ce n'est pas une licence, il n'a pas de valeur juridique. Vous devez lire attentivement tous les termes et conditions de la licence avant d'utiliser le matériel licencié.
Creative Commons n'est pas un cabinet d'avocat et n'est pas un service de conseil juridique. Distribuer, afficher et faire un lien vers le résumé ou la licence ne constitue pas une relation client-avocat ou tout autre type de relation entre vous et Creative Commons.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribuer cette œuvre :
Les règles de médiation applicables seront déterminées par la notice explicative publiée avec l'Oeuvre concernant les droits d'auteurs. En cas d'absence de notice, on se réfèrera à la notice présente dans le formulaire de demande de médiation. Les règles de l'UNCITRAL Arbitration seront appliqués en cas d'absence de notice explicative accompagnant l'oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Plus d'informations. .
Avec la version 4.0, vous devez indiquer si vous avez modifié le matériel et conserver les indications sur les modifications précédentes. Dans les versions précédentes dont la 3.0, il fallait simplement indiquer les changements si vous faisiez une oeuvre dérivée.
Guide pour attribuer une licence à votre Oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
Vous pouvez aussi utiliser une licence listée comme étant compatible sur at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Plus d'informations. .
Une utilisation commerciale est une utilisation qui est prioritairement destinée à susciter un avantage commercial ou une compensation financière.
Plus d'informations. .
Le fait de modifier uniquement le format d'une Oeuvre ne constitue pas une modification et ne donne pas lieu à une oeuvre dérivée.
Plus d'informations. .
La licence interdit d'appliquer des mesures effectives de protection techniques au sens de l'article 11 du traité de l'OMPI sur le droit d'auteur de 1996.
Plus d'informations. .
Les droits des utilisateurs au titre des exceptions et limitations - fair use et fair dealing aux Etats-Unis et en Grande-Bretagne -- ne sont pas affectés par les licences CC.
Plus d'informations. .
Il se peut que vous deviez obtenir des autorisations supplémentaires avant d'utiliser le matériel de la façon dont vous le souhaitez.
Plus d'informations. .
Plus d'informations à propos des licences CC, ou sur commentutilisez la licence pour votre propre matériel.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.eo
Ĉi tiu dokumento emfazas nur iujn el la ĉefaj ecoj kaj nocioj de la efektiva permesilo. Ĝi ne estas permesilo kaj havas nenian juran valoron. Estas rekomendinde atenteme pripensi ĉiujn el la nocioj kaj kondiĉoj de la efektiva permesilo antaŭ uzo de la disponebligita materialo.
La organizaĵo Krea Komunaĵo nek estas advokata firmao nek provizas jurajn servojn. Distribuado, aperigado aŭ ligado al ĉi tiu dokumento aŭ permesilo, kiun ĝi resumas, kreas nek rilaton de juristo kaj kliento nek ajnan alian.
Atribuite — Vi devas la verkon adekvate atribui, provizi ligilon al la permesilo kaj indiki, se estas faritaj modifoj. Vi rajtas tion fari en iu ajn racia maniero, sed ne en kielo supoziganta, ke la permesinto subtenas vin aŭ vian uzon.
Atribui la verkon:
La aplikeblaj mediaciaj reguloj estos difinitaj en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, publikigata kun la verko, aŭ se tiu ne ekzistos, en la peto pri mediacio. Se en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, almetita al la verko, ne estos difinita aliaĵo, la Arbitraciaj Reguloj UNCITRAL validos por ĉiu ajn arbitracio.
Pli da informoj.
Vi devas provizi la nomojn de la kreinto kaj atribuendaj partioj, aŭtorrajtan kaj permesilan atentigojn, malgarantiilon kaj ligilon al la materialo, se ili estas liveritaj. La versioj de la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo antaŭ 4.0 ankaŭ postulas provizi titolon de la materialo, se ĝi estas liverata, kaj povas havi aliajn etajn malsamojn.
Pli da informoj.
En 4.0 vi devas indiki, ĉu vi modifis la materialon, kaj konservi indikaĵojn pri antaŭaj modifoj. En 3.0 kaj pli fruaj versioj de permesiloj estas postulata indiko pri modifoj nur se vi kreas devenaĵon.
Gvidilo pri markado.
Pli da informoj.
Vi rajtas uzi ankaŭ permesilon, indikitan kiel kongrua sur la paĝo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Pli da informoj.
Komerca uzo estas intencata unuavice por komerca avantaĝo aŭ mona kompenso.
Pli da informoj.
Nura ŝanĝo de la dosierformo neniam kreas devenaĵon.
Pli da informoj.
La permesilo malrajtigas onin apliki efikajn teĥnologiajn rimedojn, difinitajn kun referenco al la Artikolo 11 en la Aŭtorrajta Traktato de la Monda Organizaĵo de Intelekta Propraĵo.
Pli da informoj.
La rajtoj de uzantoj laŭ esceptoj kaj limigoj, kiel justaj uzo kaj trakto, ne estas influitaj per la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo.
Pli da informoj.
Vi eble bezonos akiri kromajn rajtigojn antaŭ uzo de la materialo laŭ via intenco.
Pli da informoj.
Eksciu pli pri disponebligado laŭ la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo aŭ uzu la permesilon por via propra materialo.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribute this work:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.de
Diese Deed beschreibt nur einige der zentralen Eigenschaften und Klauseln der eigentlichen Lizenz. Die Deed selbst ist keine Lizenz und hat keine rechtliche Bedeutung. Sie sollten alle Klauseln und Bedingungen der eigentlichen Lizenz aufmerksam lesen, bevor Sie das lizenzierte Material nutzen.
Creative Commons ist keine Anwaltskanzlei und bietet keinerlei Rechtsdienstleistungen an. Verbreitung, Anzeigen oder Verlinken dieser Deed oder der Lizenz, die sie zusammenfasst, erzeugt keine Mandats- oder sonstige Beziehung.
Namensnennung — Sie müssen angemessene Urheber- und Rechteangaben machen, einen Link zur Lizenz beifügen und angeben, ob Änderungen vorgenommen wurden. Diese Angaben dürfen in jeder angemessenen Art und Weise gemacht werden, allerdings nicht so, dass der Eindruck entsteht, der Lizenzgeber unterstütze gerade Sie oder Ihre Nutzung besonders.
Dieses Werk jemandem zuschreiben:
Die anzuwendenden Mediationsregeln werden im Rechtehinweis genannt, der dem Werk beigefügt ist, oder ohne einen solchen Hinweis in der Mediationsaufforderung. Falls in einem Rechtehinweis zum Werk nicht anders festgelegt, gelten die UNCITRAL Schiedsgerichtssregeln für jedwedes Schiedsverfahren.
Weitere Informationen.
Soweit mitgeteilt, müssen Sie die Namen der Urhebers und Zuschreibungsempfänger, einen Rechtevermerk, einen Lizenzvermerk, einen Haftungsausschluss und einen Link zum Material angeben. Die Versionen der CC-Lizenzen vor Version 4.0 fordern außerdem, dass Sie den Titel des Materials angeben, sofern er Ihnen mitgeteilt wurde, und können auch andere geringfügige Abweichungen enthalten.
Weitere Informationen.
Gemäß Version 4.0 müssen sie angeben, ob Sie das Material verändert haben, und müssen Angaben zu davor bereits vorgenommenen Änderungen bestehen lassen. Gemäß Version 3.0 und früherer Lizenzversionen ist die Angabe von Veränderungen nur dann verpflichtend, wenn Sie eine Abwandlung erstellen.
Hinweise zur richtigen Kennzeichnung.
Weitere Informationen.
Sie können alternativ auch eine der unter https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses als kompatibel aufgelisteten Lizenzen verwenden
Weitere Informationen.
Kommerziell ist eine Nutzung dann, wenn sie in erster Linie auf kommerziell relevante Vorteile oder auf eine Vergütung abzielt.
Weitere Informationen.
Bloße Veränderungen des Formats gelten für sich genommen nie als Bearbeitungen.
Weitere Informationen.
Die Lizenz untersagt den Einsatz wirksamer technischer Schutzmaßnahmen, definiert mit Rückgriff auf Artikel 11 des WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Weitere Informationen.
Freiheiten, die Nutzer gemäß Schranken und Ausnahmen des Urheberrechts haben, etwa Rechte des Fair Use oder das Zitatrecht, werden durch CC-Lizenzen nicht berührt.
Weitere Informationen.
Für die von Ihnen gewünschte Nutzung des Materials kann es erforderlich sein, dass Sie weitere Erlaubnisse einholen.
Weitere Informationen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über CC-Lizenzierungen oder verwenden Sie diese Lizenz für Ihr eigenes Material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.da
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Navngivelse — Du skal give passende kreditering, lave et link til licensen, og fortælle om eventuelle forandringer af værket. Det må du gøre på enhver fornuftig måde, men ikke tage hensyn til om licensholderen kan godkende din anvendelse.
Kildeangiv dette arbejde:
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mere info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mere info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
Mere info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mere info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
Mere info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
Mere info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mere info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mere info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mere info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.ca
Aquest resum destaca només alguns termes i les principals característiques de la llicència real. No és una llicència i no té cap valor legal. Hauríeu de revisar atentament tots els termes i les condicions de la llicència real abans d'utilitzar el material que s'hi troba subjecte.
Creative Commons no és un bufet d'advocats i no proporciona cap servei jurídic. La distribució, la comunicació o l'enllaç a aquest resum o la llicència aquí resumida no crea cap vincle advocat-client ni cap altre tipus de relació.
Reconeixement — Heu de reconèixer l'autoria de manera apropiada, proporcionar un enllaç a la llicència i indicar si heu fet algun canvi. Podeu fer-ho de qualsevol manera raonable, però no d'una manera que suggereixi que el llicenciador us dóna suport o patrocina l'ús que en feu.
Reconegueu l'autoria d'aquesta obra a:
Les regles de mediació aplicables seran designades en l'avís de de drets d'autor publicat amb l'obra, o si no hi consten llavors en la sol·licitud de mediació. Llevat que s'indiqui una altra cosa en un avís de drets d'autor adjunt a l'obra, s'aplicarà el Reglament d'arbitratge de la CNUDMI en qualsevol arbitratge.
Més informació.
En el cas que us hagi estat facilitat, caldrà indicar el nom de l'autor i el d'aquelles parts a qui calgui reconèixer, una notificació de drets d'autor, una notificació de llicència, una notificació d'exempció de responsabilitat i l'enllaç al material. Aquelles llicències Creative Commons anteriors a les versions 4.0 podran requerir a més a més, el títol del material en qüestió quan aquest hagi estat proporcionat, així com evidenciar altres lleus variants.
Més informació.
En la versió 4.0 de les llicències, heu d'indicar si heu modificat el material i conservar una indicació de les modificacions prèvies. En la versió 3.0, i en versions anteriors, només cal indicar els canvis si heu creat una obra derivada.
Guia de marcatge.
Més informació.
També podeu utilitzar una llicència compatible de la llista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Més informació.
Un ús comercial és un ús destinat principalment a obtenir avantatges comercials o compensacions monetàries.
Més informació.
Un simple canvi de format no crea una obra derivada.
Més informació.
La llicència prohibeix l'aplicació de mesures tecnològiques efectives, definides d'acord amb l'article 11 del Tractat de l'OMPI sobre Drets d'Autor.
Més informació.
Els drets dels usuaris subjectes a les limitacions i excepcions, com per excepte l'ús just o el tracte just, no queden afectats per les llicències CC.
Més informació.
Potser cal que obtingueu permisos addicionals abans d'utilitzar el material per l'ús que en vulgueu fer.
Més informació.
Aprengueu més sobre l'ús de les llicències CC, o utilitzeu-les en el vostre propi material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.es_ES
Este resumen pone de relieve sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia real antes de utilizar el material sujeto a la licencia.
Creative Commons no es un despacho de abogados y no proporciona servicios jurídicos. La distribución, la comunicación o el enlace a este resumen de la licencia no crea un vínculo abogado-cliente ni cualquier otro tipo de relación.
Reconocimiento — Debe reconocer adecuadamente la autoría, proporcionar un enlace a la licencia e indicar si se han realizado cambios<. Puede hacerlo de cualquier manera razonable, pero no de una manera que sugiera que tiene el apoyo del licenciador o lo recibe por el uso que hace.
Para esta obra, reconozca a
Las reglas de mediación aplicables serán designadas en el aviso de derechos de autor publicado con la obra, o, si no existiera, en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto a la obra, se aplicará el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la CNUDMI en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
Si se facilitan, debe proporcionar el nombre del creador y las partes a reconocer, un aviso de derechos de explotación, un aviso de la licencia, una nota de descargo de responsabilidad y un enlace al material. Las licencias CC anteriores a la versión 4.0 también requieren que facilite el título del material, si le ha sido facilitado, y pueden tener algunas otras pequeñas diferencias.
Más información.
En la versión 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En la versión 3.0 y las versiones anteriores de las licencias, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
Guía para el marcaje.
Más información.
También puede utilizar una licencia compatible de la lista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
El uso comercial es un uso destinado principalmente a obtener una ventaja comercial o una compensación monetaria.
Más información.
Cambiar simplemente el formato nunca genera una obra derivada
Más información.
La licencia prohíbe la aplicación de medidas tecnológicas efectivas, según la definición del artículo 11 del Tratado de Derecho de Autor de la OMPI.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios bajo los límites o las excepciones, como el uso justo o el trato justo, no quedan afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Puede necesitar una autorización adicional antes de utilizar el material como desea.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre las licencias CC o utilice la licencia para su propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.es
Este resumen destaca sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Usted debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia actual antes de usar el material licenciado.
Creative Commons no es un bufete de abogados y no ofrece servicios legales. Distribuir, exhibir, o enlazar a este resumen o la licencia que se resume, no crea una relación abogado-cliente ni de cualquier otro tipo.
Atribución — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Para esta obra, atribuir a:
Las reglas de mediación correspondientes, se indicarán en el aviso de de derechos de autor publicadas con la obra, o en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto al trabajo, el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la Comisión de las Naciones Unidas para el Derecho Mercantil Internacional (CNUDMI) se aplica en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Más información.
En 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En 3.0 y versiones anteriores a la licencia, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
guía de marcado.
Más información.
Usted además puede utilizar una licencia que aparezca como compatible enhttps://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
Un uso comercial es aquel que pretende principalmente obtener ventaja comercial o compensación monetaria.
Más información.
El simple hecho de cambiar el formato no genera una obra derivada.
Más información.
La licencia prohibe la aplicación efectiva de medidas tecnológicas, definidas de acuerdo al Artículo 11 del Tratado OMPI de derecho de autor.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios en virtud de las excepciones y limitaciones, como el uso justo y legítimo, no se ven afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Usted puede necesitar permisos adicionales antes de usar el material como lo había previsto.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre el licenciamiento con CC outilice una licencia CC para su material.

--URL: http://wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensors_and_licensees
The following list sets out some basic things that you should think about before you apply a Creative Commons license to your material, or use Creative Commons-licensed material. It is not an exhaustive list. If you have additional questions or concerns, feel free to post to one of our email discussion lists, send us an email at info@creativecommons.org, send an email to one of our country project leads or obtain your own legal advice.
Once you apply a CC license to your material, anyone who receives it may rely on that license for as long as the material is protected by copyright and similar rights, even if you later stop distributing it.
CC licenses are appropriate for all types of content you want to share publicly, except software and hardware.
Any given work has multiple elements; e.g., text, images, music. Make sure to clearly mark or indicate in a notice which of those are covered by the license.
CC licenses are operative only where copyright, sui generis database rights, or other rights closely related to copyright come into play. They should not be applied to material in the public domain.
If the material includes rights held by others, make sure to get permission to sublicense those rights under the CC license. If you created the material in the scope of your employment or as a work-for-hire, you may not be the holder of the rights and may need to get permission before applying a CC license.
Prominently mark or indicate in a notice any rights held by third parties, such as publicity or trademark rights. This includes any content you used under exceptions or limitations to copyright, and any third party content used under another license (even if it is the same CC license as you applied).
Consider what you hope to achieve by sharing your work when determining which of the six CC licenses to apply. For example, if you want it to appear in a Wikipedia article, it must be licensed using BY-SA or a compatible license.
Think about any obligations you have, such as licensing requirements from a funding source, employment agreement, or limitations on your ability to use a CC license imposed by a collecting society, that dictate which (if any) of the six CC licenses you can apply.
If you are confident you have cleared all rights in the material, you may choose to warrant that the work does not violate the rights of any third parties.
You have the option of granting permissions above and beyond what the license allows; for example, allowing licensees to translate ND-licensed material. If so, consider using CC+ to indicate the additional permissions offered.
You may indicate particular attribution parties, a URI for the material, and other attribution information for licensees to retain.
You may ask licensees to adhere to your special requests, such as marking or describing changes they make to your material.
The human-readable deed is a summary of, but not a replacement for, the legal code. It does not explain everything you need to know before using licensed material.
There are six different CC licenses. Two of the licenses prohibit the sharing of adaptations (BY-ND, BY-NC-ND); three prohibit commercial uses (BY-NC, BY-NC-ND, BY-NC-SA), and two require adaptations be licensed under the same license (BY-SA, BY-NC-SA).
The current version (4.0) differs from prior versions in important respects. Similarly, the jurisdiction ports may differ in certain terms, such as dispute resolution and choice of law.
The licensor should have marked which elements of the work are subject to the license and which are not. For those elements that are not subject to the license, you may need separate permission.
The license does not contain a warranty, so if you think there may be third party rights in the material, you may want to clear those rights in advance.
If the use you want to make of a work falls within an exception or limitation to copyright or similar rights, you may do so. Those uses are unregulated by the license.
All CC licenses require you provide attribution and mark the material when you share it publicly. The specific requirements vary slightly across versions.
All CC licenses prohibit you from applying effective technological measures or imposing legal terms that would prevent others from doing what the license permits.
Depending on what type of license is applied, you are limited in whether you can share your adaptation and if so, what license you can apply to your contributions.
All CC licenses terminate automatically when you fail to comply with its terms. If the material is under a 4.0 license, you must fix the problem within 30 days of discovery if you want your rights automatically reinstated.
The licensor may make special requests when you use the material. We recommend you do so when reasonable, but that is your option and not your obligation.


--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/
MediaWiki is a free software open source wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia. It is now also used by several other projects of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation and by many other wikis, including this website, the home of MediaWiki.
Use the links below to explore the site contents. You'll find some content translated into other languages, but the primary documentation language is English.
About this site   |   About MediaWiki   |   Download   |   Help and support   |   Contribute
What is a wiki?
Install & configure MediaWiki
Become a MediaWiki hacker
Download

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/
The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual, educational content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. The Wikimedia Foundation operates some of the largest collaboratively edited reference projects in the world, including Wikipedia, a top-ten internet property.



Jobs

Follow Wikimedia HR updates on Twitter.
The Wikimedia Foundation relies heavily on the generous support from our users. Please consider making a donation today, be it time or money.
The Wikimedia Foundation is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in the United States, and donations from US citizens are tax deductible. Donations made by citizens of other countries may also be tax deductible. Please see deductibility of donations for details. Please see our fundraising page for details of making donations via credit card, PayPal, postal mail or direct deposit. For all other types of donations, please contact us.
Knowledge is a foundation
The Annual Plan documents the Foundation's 2014–15 financial plan, strategic targets, activities, and staffing overview.
The Wikimedia Foundation is proud to be one of the most transparent non-profit organizations in the world. For updates about our program activities and our Annual Report, see the other links on this page. Additionally, we provide the following information:
Wikimedia Foundation staff regularly participate in open office hours on IRC (an online chat system). Our fundraising work is public and community-driven as well. If you'd like to jump right in, visit the community fundraising landing page.
For more information about the contributors to the logo designs, see Wikimedia trademarks
Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. And we need your help. Please support the Wikimedia Foundation by donating today.

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Wikimedia:General_disclaimer
This is an informational website of the Wikimedia Foundation (hereafter "Wikimedia"). The content of this site is being provided freely, and no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, individual contributors to these pages, or project administrators, sysops or anyone else connected with this project subject to your claims against them directly. You are granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikimedia or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited on this site are the property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise stated, Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of such rights, nor can Wikimedia grant rights to use otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Please note that the information found here may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. Wikimedia does not encourage the violation of any laws, but this information is stored on servers in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded to content providers and readers in that jurisdiction. The laws in your country may not recognize a similarly broad protection of free speech; Wikimedia cannot be responsible for potential violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or reuse any of the information contained herein.
For further information, please contact us.

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Wikimedia:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Wikimedia:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Wikimedia:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Wikimedia:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/
MediaWiki is a free software open source wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia. It is now also used by several other projects of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation and by many other wikis, including this website, the home of MediaWiki.
Use the links below to explore the site contents. You'll find some content translated into other languages, but the primary documentation language is English.
About this site   |   About MediaWiki   |   Download   |   Help and support   |   Contribute
What is a wiki?
Install & configure MediaWiki
Become a MediaWiki hacker
Download

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Project:General_disclaimer

MEDIAWIKI.org MAKES NO GUARANTEE OF VALIDITY
MediaWiki.org at http://www.mediawiki.org/ is the online home of and the first access point for information about the software MediaWiki. The community working here is a voluntary association of individuals and groups who are developing an open-content common resource of different media and human technical knowledge. The structure of this site, which is a wiki, allows anyone with an Internet connection and World Wide Web browser to alter the content found here. Therefore, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by professionals with the expertise necessary to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.
That is not to say that you will not find valuable and accurate information on MediaWiki.org; much of the time you will. However, MediaWiki.org cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given information may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields.
We are working on ways to select and highlight reliable versions of information articles. Our active community of editors uses tools such as the Special:Recentchanges and Special:Newpages feeds to monitor new and changing content. However, MediaWiki.org is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or engage in casual review, they have no legal duty to do so and thus all information read here is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever. Even articles that have been vetted by informal review may later have been edited inappropriately, just before you view them.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual MediaWiki.org contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of MediaWiki or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
There is no agreement or understanding between you and MediaWiki.org regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL); neither is anyone at MediaWiki.org responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on MediaWiki.org or any of its associated projects.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of MediaWiki.org are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these MediaWiki.org articles under the GFDL licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated MediaWiki.org and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such MediaWiki.org can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Publication of information found on MediaWiki.org may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The MediaWiki database is stored on servers in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. MediaWiki.org does not encourage the violation of any laws; and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce, or republish the information contained herein.
Thank you for spending the time to read this page, and please enjoy your experience at MediaWiki.org.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Project:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Project:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Category:Extensions/bg
This category lists information and pages relating to MediaWiki extensions.
The subcategories listed below provide many ways to browse through the set of extensions. To see the list of all extensions that have a page on mediawiki.org, go to the subcategory all extensions.
Other lists of extensions include:
If you can't find an extension that does what you're looking for, you can request one at Extension requests.
Please note that most of the extensions listed here are not maintained by people affiliated with the MediaWiki software development team. For most extensions, there is no guarantee of the quality of the software, or its security, or how well it will work with recent versions of MediaWiki.
The documentation page for an extension should hopefully give you all the information you need in order to install/use the extension. If you have any further questions you can raise them on the associated talk page, or contact the extension author(s) if there is contact information listed, or use an existing support channel like the mediawiki-l mailing list or the #mediawiki IRC channel. Do not contact the MediaWiki developers with questions about third-party extensions!
The page Manual:Extensions has a good overview of how extensions are structured.
See also the following pages:
If you have an extension that you want to add to this site, create a new page and add the extension template to the top of it (or create a new extension article). This will create a useful infobox and add the template to this category. See Template:Extension for details. You should also add as much detail as possible to the body of the page, and it is wise to check back fairly regularly to respond to user questions.
Extensions that define new hooks within the extension code should register them at the page extension hook registry.
Extensions that define new namespaces should register them at the page Extension default namespaces.
The MediaWiki developers provide no support for third-party add-ons and neither the MediaWiki developers nor the maintainers of this site give any guarantee about the suitability, functionality, security or indeed any other property of any extension described on this site. Inclusion of an extension on this site is not an endorsement by the MediaWiki developers or the Wikimedia Foundation.
If it is felt that a particular extension published on this web site is being distributed containing vulnerabilities which expose users to cross-site scripting or other vulnerabilities, or which are otherwise insecure, these can and will be deleted with no prior notice.
The provisions of the general disclaimer are maintained.
This category has the following 6 subcategories, out of 6 total. The number of included categories (C), pages (P) and files (F) is stated in brackets.


--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Category:Extensions/bg
The following pages link to Category:Extensions/bg:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Category:Extensions/categories
This category currently contains no pages or media.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Category:Extensions/categories
The following pages link to Category:Extensions/categories:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Category:Categories_templates
These are the templates that unify categories for each topic across languages.
This category has the following 71 subcategories, out of 71 total. The number of included categories (C), pages (P) and files (F) is stated in brackets.
The following 25 pages are in this category, out of 25 total.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Category:Templates
These are templates you can use in wikitext. See also Manual:HTML templates that developers can use in MediaWiki code.
This category has the following 56 subcategories, out of 56 total. The number of included categories (C), pages (P) and files (F) is stated in brackets.
The following 102 pages are in this category, out of 102 total.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Category:Templates
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Seb35
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Seb35
Username: 


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Meta:General_disclaimer

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use




Part of our mission is to:
You are free to:
Under the following conditions:
With the understanding that:

Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. – Our Vision Statement
Welcome to Wikimedia! The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. (“we” or “us”), is a nonprofit charitable organization whose mission is to empower and engage people around the world to collect and develop content under a free license or in the public domain, and to disseminate it effectively and globally, free of charge.
To support our vibrant community, we provide the essential infrastructure and organizational framework for the development of multilingual wiki Projects and their editions (as explained here) and other endeavors which serve this mission. We strive to make and keep educational and informational content from the Projects available on the internet free of charge, in perpetuity.
We welcome you (“you” or the “user”) as a reader, editor, author, or contributor of the Wikimedia Projects, and we encourage you to join the Wikimedia community. Before you participate, however, we ask that you please read and agree to the following Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).
These Terms of Use tell you about our public services at the Wikimedia Foundation, our relationship to you as a user, and the rights and responsibilities that guide us both. We want you to know that we host an incredible quantity of educational and informational content, all of which is contributed and made possible by users like yourself. Generally we do not contribute, monitor, or delete content (with the rare exception of policies like these Terms of Use or legal compliance for DMCA notices). This means that editorial control is in the hands of you and your fellow users who create and manage the content. We merely host this content.
The community - the network of users who are constantly building and using the various sites or Projects - are the principal means through which the goals of the mission are achieved. The community contributes to and helps govern our sites. The community undertakes the critical function of creating and enforcing policies for the specific Project editions (such as the different language editions for the Wikipedia Project or the Wikimedia Commons multi-lingual edition).
You are welcome to join as a contributor, editor, or author, but you should follow the policies that govern each of the independent Project editions. The largest of our Projects is Wikipedia, but we host other Projects too, each with different objectives and work methods. Each Project edition has a team of contributors, editors or authors who work together to create and manage the content on that Project edition. You are welcome to join these teams and work with them to improve these Projects. Because we are dedicated to making content freely accessible to the public, we generally require that all content you contribute is available under a free license or in the public domain.
Please be aware that you are legally responsible for all of your contributions, edits, and re-use of Wikimedia content under the laws of the United States of America and other applicable laws (which may include the laws where you live or where you view or edit content). This means it is important that you use caution when posting content. In light of this responsibility, we have some rules about what you cannot post, most of which is either for your own protection or for the protection of other users like yourself. Please keep in mind that the content we host is for general informational purposes only, so if you need expert advice for a particular question (such as medical, legal, or financial issues), you should seek the help of a licensed or qualified professional. We also include other important notices and disclaimers, so please read these Terms of Use in their entirety.
For clarity, other organizations, such as local Wikimedia chapters and associations, that may share in the same mission are nevertheless legally independent and separate from the Wikimedia Foundation and have no responsibility for the operations of the website or its content.

The Wikimedia Foundation is dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free multilingual content, and to hosting the full content of these wiki-based Projects for the public free of charge. Our role is to host some of the largest collaboratively edited reference Projects in the world, which can be found here. However, we act only as a hosting service, maintaining the infrastructure and organizational framework that allows our users to build the Wikimedia Projects by contributing and editing content themselves. Because of our unique role, there are a couple of things you should be aware of when considering our relationship to you, the Projects, and the other users:
We ask that you review the terms of our Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of how we collect and use your information. Because our services are used by people all over the world, personal information that we collect may be stored and processed in the United States of America or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside your country.
The Projects hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation only exist because of the vibrant community of users like you who collaborate to write, edit, and curate the content. We happily welcome your participation in this community. We encourage you to be civil and polite in your interactions with others in the community, to act in good faith, and to make edits and contributions aimed at furthering the mission of the shared Project.
Certain activities, whether legal or illegal, may be harmful to other users and violate our rules, and some activities may also subject you to liability. Therefore, for your own protection and for that of other users, you may not engage in such activities on our sites. These activities include:

We reserve the right to exercise our enforcement discretion with respect to the above terms.
You are responsible for safeguarding your own password and should never disclose it to any third party.
Although you have considerable freedoms for re-use of the content on the Project websites, it is important that, at the Wikimedia Foundation, we protect our trademark rights so that we can protect our users from fraudulent impersonators. Because of this, we ask that you please respect our trademarks. All Wikimedia Foundation trademarks belong to the Wikimedia Foundation, and any use of our trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, or domain names must be in compliance with these Terms of Use and in compliance with our Trademark Policy.
To grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to the Projects are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely, so long as that use is properly attributed and the same freedom to re-use and re-distribute is granted to any derivative works. In keeping with our goal of providing free information to the widest possible audience, we require that when necessary all submitted content be licensed so that it is freely reusable by anyone who cares to access it.
You agree to the following licensing requirements:
(Re-users may comply with either license or both.)
The only exception is if the Project edition or feature requires a different license. In that case, you agree to license any text you contribute under that particular license. For example, at the publication of this version of the Terms of Use, English Wikinews mandates that all text content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Generic License (CC BY 2.5) and does not require a dual license with GFDL.
Please note that these licenses do allow commercial uses of your contributions, as long as such uses are compliant with the terms.
You agree that, if you import text under a CC BY-SA license that requires attribution, you must credit the author(s) in a reasonable fashion. Where such credit is commonly given through page histories (such as Wikimedia-internal copying), it is sufficient to give attribution in the edit summary, which is recorded in the page history, when importing the text. The attribution requirements are sometimes too intrusive for particular circumstances (regardless of the license), and there may be instances where the Wikimedia community decides that imported text cannot be used for that reason.
When you re-use or re-distribute a text page developed by the Wikimedia community, you agree to attribute the authors in any of the following fashions:
If the text content was imported from another source, it is possible that the content is licensed under a compatible CC BY-SA license but not GFDL (as described in “Importing text,” above). In that case, you agree to comply with the compatible CC BY-SA license and do not have the option to re-license it under GFDL. To determine the license that applies to the content that you seek to re-use or re-distribute, you should review the page footer, page history, and discussion page.
In addition, please be aware that text that originated from external sources and was imported into a Project may be under a license that attaches additional attribution requirements. Users agree to indicate these additional attribution requirements clearly. Depending on the Project, such requirements may appear for example in a banner or other notations pointing out that some or all of the content was originally published elsewhere. Where there are such visible notations, re-users should preserve them.
When modifying or making additions to any non-text media that you have obtained from a Project website, you agree to license the modified or added content in accordance with whatever license under which the work has been made available.
The Wikimedia Foundation wants to ensure that the content that we host can be re-used by other users without fear of liability and that it is not infringing the proprietary rights of others. In fairness to our users, as well as to other creators and copyright holders, our policy is to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the formalities of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Pursuant to the DMCA, we will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, users and account holders of our system and network who are repeat infringers.
However, we also recognize that not every takedown notice is valid or in good faith. In such cases, we strongly encourage users to file counter-notifications when they appropriately believe a DMCA takedown demand is invalid or improper. For more information on what to do if you think a DMCA notice has been improperly filed, you may wish to consult the Chilling Effects website.
If you are the owner of content that is being improperly used on one of the Projects without your permission, you may request that the content be removed under the DMCA. To make such a request, please email us at legalwikimedia.org or snail mail our designated agent at this address.
Alternatively, you may make a request to our community, which often handles copyright issues faster and more effectively than prescribed under the DMCA. In that case, you can post a notice explaining your copyright concerns. For a non-exhaustive and non-authoritative list of the relevant processes for the different Project editions, look here. Before filing a DMCA claim, you also have the option of sending an email to the community at infowikimedia.org.
You are solely responsible for your use of any third-party websites or resources. Although the Projects contain links to third-party websites and resources, we do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for their availability, accuracy, or the related content, products, or services (including, without limitation, any viruses or other disabling features), nor do we have any obligation to monitor such third-party content.
The community has the primary role in creating and enforcing policies applying to the different Project editions. At the Wikimedia Foundation, we rarely intervene in community decisions about policy and its enforcement. In an unusual case, the need may arise, or the community may ask us, to address an especially problematic user because of significant Project disturbance or dangerous behavior. In such cases, we reserve the right, but do not have the obligation to:
In the interests of our users and the Projects, in the extreme circumstance that any individual has had his or her account or access blocked under this provision, he or she is prohibited from creating or using another account on or seeking access to the same Project, unless we provide explicit permission. Without limiting the authority of the community, the Wikimedia Foundation itself will not ban a user from editing or contributing or block a user's account or access solely because of good faith criticism that does not result in actions otherwise violating these Terms of Use or community policies.
The Wikimedia community and its members may also take action when so allowed by the community or Foundation policies applicable to the specific Project edition, including but not limited to warning, investigating, blocking, or banning users who violate those policies. You agree to comply with the final decisions of dispute resolution bodies that are established by the community for the specific Project editions (such as arbitration committees); these decisions may include sanctions as set out by the policy of the specific Project edition.
Especially problematic users who have had accounts or access blocked on multiple Project editions may be subject to a ban from all of the Project editions, in accordance with the Global Ban Policy. In contrast to Board resolutions or these Terms of Use, policies established by the community, which may cover a single Project edition or multiple Projects editions (like the Global Ban Policy), may be modified by the relevant community according to its own procedures.
The blocking of an account or access or the banning of a user under this provision shall be in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms of Use.
The Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees releases official policies from time to time. Some of these policies may be mandatory for a particular Project or Project edition, and, when they are, you agree to abide by them as applicable.
Though we hope you will stay and continue to contribute to the Projects, you can stop using our services any time. In certain (hopefully unlikely) circumstances it may be necessary for either ourselves or the Wikimedia community or its members (as described in Section 10) to terminate part or all of our services, terminate these Terms of Use, block your account or access, or ban you as a user. If your account or access is blocked or otherwise terminated for any reason, your public contributions will remain publicly available (subject to applicable policies), and, unless we notify you otherwise, you may still access our public pages for the sole purpose of reading publicly available content on the Projects. In such circumstances, however, you may not be able to access your account or settings. We reserve the right to suspend or end the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Even after your use and participation are banned, blocked or otherwise suspended, these Terms of Use will remain in effect with respect to relevant provisions, including Sections 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9-15, and 17.
Highlighted for emphasis
We hope that no serious disagreements arise involving you, but, in the event there is a dispute, we encourage you to seek resolution through the dispute resolution procedures or mechanisms provided by the Projects or Project editions and the Wikimedia Foundation. If you seek to file a legal claim against us, you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a state or federal court located in San Francisco County, California. You also agree that the laws of the State of California and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States of America will govern these Terms of Use, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and us (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in San Francisco County, California, in any legal action or proceeding relating to us or these Terms of Use.
To ensure that disputes are dealt with soon after they arise, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you might have arising out of or related to use of our services or these Terms of Use must be filed within the applicable statute of limitations or, if earlier, one (1) year after the pertinent facts underlying such claim or cause of action could have been discovered with reasonable diligence (or be forever barred).
Highlighted for emphasis
At the Wikimedia Foundation, we do our best to provide educational and informational content to a very wide audience, but your use of our services is at your sole risk. We provide these services on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we expressly disclaim all express or implied warranties of all kinds, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We make no warranty that our services will meet your requirements, be safe, secure, uninterrupted, timely, accurate, or error-free, or that your information will be secure.
We are not responsible for the content, data, or actions of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from our services creates any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through your use of our services is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content or communication maintained by the service. We retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice.
Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the types of disclaimers in this section, so they may not apply to you either in part or in full depending on the law.
Highlighted for emphasis
Just as the Wikimedia community's input is essential for the growth and maintenance of the Projects, we believe that community input is essential for these Terms of Use to properly serve our users. It is also essential for a fair contract. Therefore, we will provide these Terms of Use, as well as any substantial future revisions of these Terms of Use, to the community for comment at least thirty (30) days before the end of the comment period. If a future proposed revision is substantial, we will provide an additional 30 days for comments after posting a translation of the proposed revision in at least three languages (selected at our discretion). The community will be encouraged to translate the proposed revision in other languages as appropriate. For changes for legal or administrative reasons, to correct an inaccurate statement, or changes in response to community comments, we will provide at least three (3) days' notice.
Because it may be necessary to modify these Terms of Use from time to time, we will provide notice of such modifications and the opportunity to comment via the Project websites, and via a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L. However, we ask that you please periodically review the most up-to-date version of these Terms of Use. Your continued use of our services after the new Terms of Use become official following the notice and review period constitutes an acceptance of these Terms of Use on your part. For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users like yourself, if you do not agree with our Terms of Use, you cannot use our services.
These Terms of Use do not create an employment, agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between you and us, the Wikimedia Foundation. If you have not signed a separate agreement with us, these Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and us. If there is any conflict between these Terms of Use and a signed written agreement between you and us, the signed agreement will control.
You agree that we may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms of Use, by email, regular mail, or postings on Project websites.
If in any circumstance, we do not apply or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use, it is not a waiver of that provision.
You understand that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, you have no expectation of compensation for any activity, contribution, or idea that you provide to us, the community, or the Wikimedia Projects or Project editions.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Terms of Use, we (the Wikimedia Foundation) and you agree not to modify the applicable terms and requirements of any free license that is employed on the Projects or Project editions when such free license is authorized by these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use were written in English (U.S.). While we hope that translations of these Terms of Use are accurate, in the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is found unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and all other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
We appreciate your taking the time to read these Terms of Use, and we are very happy to have you contributing to the Projects and using our services. Through your contributions, you are helping to build something really big – not only an important collection of collaboratively edited reference Projects that provides education and information to millions who might otherwise lack access, but also a vibrant community of like-minded and engaged peers, focused on a very noble goal.
These Terms of Use went into effect on June 16, 2014. Previous versions of the terms:
In the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Terms_of_Use
The following pages link to Terms of Use:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/New_Terms_of_use/gl
Despois dun enorme proceso de edición e comentarios da comunidade, actualizamos os termos de uso da Wikimedia. A nova versión farase efectiva a partir do 25 de maio de 2012.
A actualización dos termos de uso é o resultado dun proceso colaborativo único que incorpora máis de 200 edicións e 4500 liñas de debate. Durante máis de 140 días, a comunidade da Wikimedia revisou, bosquexou e reelaborou as actualizacións propostas para os termos de uso, resolvendo máis de 120 problemas. Nunca antes os termos de uso dun sitio web tan importante foron elaborados a través dun esforzo tan colaborativo e interactivo. O proceso de comentarios e revisión da comunidade para actualizar os termos de uso rematou o 31 de decembro de 2011. O Consello de Administración aprobou formalmente o borrador finalizado dos termos o 6 de marzo de 2012. Entre outras cousas, estes termos inclúen:
Cómpre dicir que imos á par que outras organizacións co noso mesmo espírito que xa incorporaron acordos similares, entre as que se atopan Internet Archive, Creative Commons, Mozilla Firefox, Open Source Initiative, Project Gutenberg, Linux Foundation, Stack Exchange, WikiSpaces e WordPress.com.
Sen o duro labor e a experiencia da nosa comunidade, este proxecto sería imposible. Celebramos a participación da comunidade nesta iniciativa innovadora, que resultou nos termos de uso elaborados do xeito máis colaborativo como nunca se viu nun sitio web tan importante.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/New_Terms_of_use/gl
The following pages link to New Terms of use/gl:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Meno25/sandbox

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Meno25
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9_%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%89_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%BA%D9%8A%D8%B1_%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B4%D9%88%D8%B1%D8%A9
تحذير : هذه الصفحة عبارة عن ترجمة لسياسة من سياسات مؤسسة ويكيميديا. هذه الترجمة لأغراض توضيحية فقط ، وليست بديلا للسياسة الرسمية. النسخة الأصلية من السياسة موجودة هنا، وهي النسخة الوحيدة الأصلية والرسمية.
القصد من هذه السياسة هو ضمان المساءلة الشخصية و القانونية للمتطوعين الذين لديهم القدرة على الوصول إلى بيانات غير علانية والتي تشملها سياسة مؤسسة ويكيميديا المعنية بالخصوصية.
1. سيسمح فقط للأشخاص المعروفة هوياتهم من قبل مؤسسة ويكيميديا بالحصول على القدرة للوصول إلى أي بيانات غير علانية أو أي معلومات أخرى غير علانية تم انتاجها، تجميعها أو تم الاحتفاظ بها بشكل ما عن طريق مؤسسة ويكيميديا، حيث هذه البيانات أو المعلومات الاخرى محظورة عن الاعلان العام عن طريق سياسة ويكيميديا للخصوصية.
2. أي متطوع يتم اختياره عن طريق أي الية مجتمع ليتم منحه صلاحية الوصول إلى بيانات محظورة لن يمنح تلك الصلاحية إلى أن يقدم هذا المتطوع إثباتات تحدد شخصيته للمؤسسة بصورة لا لبس فيها، والتي يمكن أن تشمل دلائل على أن هذا المستخدم لا يقل عن 18 عاما وصراحة قد وصل إلى الحد الأدنى للعمر الذي يضمن مساءلتهم بشكل قانوني و أن يكونون قادرين على التصرف خارج نطاق وصاية الأهل ضمن المنطقة التي يقيمون فيها.
3. أي متطوع يملك بشكل مسبق الصلاحيات المشار اليها اعلاه قبل إقرار هذه السياسة يجب عليه تحديد شخصيته إلى المؤسسة في غضون 60 يوما من اعتماد هذا القرار، و إلا سيتم الغاء جميع هذه الصلاحيات. المتطوعون الذين يملكون سجلا جيدا و تم سحب الصلاحيات منهم بسبب عدم قدرتهم على إثبات هوياتهم ضمن مدة التنبيه يمكنهم استعادة تلك الصلاحيات فور تقديم إثبات شخصياتهم للمؤسسة.
4. مناصب المتطوعين التي يشملها هذا القرار تشمل، بدون حدود، المضيفين، مدققي المستخدم و مالكي صلاحيات الأوفرسايت، وجميع المطورين الذين لهم إمكانية الوصول إلى أي سجلات إلكترونية تتضمن معلومات غير علانية (مثل عناوين بروتوكول الإنترنت سواء للقراء أو المساهمين).
5. سياسات الوصول لخدمات طوابير الأو تي آر إس أو نظم الاتصالات الأخرى لمؤسسة ويكيميديا يتم صياغتها من قبل موظفي مؤسسة ويكيميديا بما يضمن تطبيق القصد من هذه السياسة.
6. صلاحية الوصول إلى مراجعات محذوفة على مشروع قابل للتحرير علنا، مثل الصلاحيات التي يمتلكها الإداريون، ليست كافية لاشتراط تحديد الهوية في إطار هذه السياسة.
7. معلومات كشف و تعريف هوية المتطوعين المقدمة إلى مؤسسة ويكيميديا امتثالا لهذه السياسة يجب أن تعامل على أنها سرية، و كمعلومات غير علانية لا يجوز الإفراج عنها إلا بما يتفق مع سياسة الخصوصية لويكيميديا.
8. أي استثناءات لهذه السياسة يمكن أن تتم فقط بموجب قرار من مجلس الأمناء.
أخر تحديث لهذه السياسة كان في 2 يونيو 2007

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/%D8%B3%D9%8A%D8%A7%D8%B3%D8%A9_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9_%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%89_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%BA%D9%8A%D8%B1_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%86%D9%8A%D8%A9
The following pages link to سياسة الاطلاع على البيانات غير العلنية:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/سياسة_الاطلاع_على_البيانات_غير_العلنية
The following pages link to سياسة الاطلاع على البيانات غير العلنية:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Nonpublicdatalang

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Nonpublicdatalang
The following pages link to Template:Nonpublicdatalang:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:Other_languages_templates
This category groups templates that link to other language editions of the same page. Such templates should use the instructions at Template:Other languages or use the <div class="divlang">.
Please don't add language templates manually, but by adding: <noinclude>{{Language template}}</noinclude>.
The following 103 pages are in this category, out of 103 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Category:Other_languages_templates
The following pages link to Category:Other languages templates:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Language_template
This is a meta-template for language-related templates. It adds Category:Other languages templates to the template and prevents the page from being included in printed versions (e.g. PDF exports).
If you don't use this template, and language selection templates are not excluded from print, it takes up about half a page, because the renderer lists it as bullet points and not as a compact form as on wiki pages.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Language_template
The following pages link to Template:Language template:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template_talk:Language_template
Hi! Welcome to the website for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
Unfortunately, wikimediafoundation.org does not allow open editing at this time; however, we want everyone to be able to contribute. If you have suggestions for how we could improve this site please use the links below:
Maybe we should add noprint class to all those templates; they're useless in print version, too. --Nemo bis 00:04, 23 July 2010 (UTC)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Nemo_bis
Nemo, from it.wikiquote and Wikimedia Italia.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Nemo_bis
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Wikimedia_Five-Year_Targets.ods
Final draft of five-year tagets for the Wikimedia Foundation, 2010. Approved with Resolution:Five-year targets.
PDF: File:Wikimedia Five-Year Targets.pdf.
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
There are no pages that link to this file.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/File:Wikimedia_Five-Year_Targets.ods
The following pages link to File:Wikimedia Five-Year Targets.ods:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Legoktm/Liberation/Uploads
Allowed filetypes (from Special:Upload):
Filetypes in bold are not allowed on commons. A list of files with those types on this wiki are below:
Thanks for putting this list together. My thought here is that we can probably keep the upload/reupload user rights restricted post-liberation. I think deleting old files or restricting file upload types would be bad. --MZMcBride (talk) 16:27, 24 March 2013 (UTC)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Legoktm
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log
No matching items in log.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/User:Legoktm/Liberation/Uploads
The following pages link to User:Legoktm/Liberation/Uploads:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User_talk:MZMcBride
Hi! Welcome to the website for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
Unfortunately, wikimediafoundation.org does not allow open editing at this time; however, we want everyone to be able to contribute. If you have suggestions for how we could improve this site please use the links below:
I have no objection, and have deleted it myself. Thanks for calling my attention to it; I'd quite frankly forgotten that page existed. Philippe (WMF) (talk) 22:28, 16 March 2013 (UTC)
Hi. You seem to be the wikicode whiz-kid for this site, so I'll float my idea to you. Do you think the Homepage of this site would look better with a negative top-margin, similar to the English Wikipedia's Main Page? I reckon it'd look a little less, well, amateur than it does now. AGK (talk) 09:44, 18 March 2013 (UTC)
Related: Talk:Home#Recent and upcoming changes to Home (March 2013). --MZMcBride (talk) 01:04, 19 March 2013 (UTC)
And delete all you wish. As the name suggest, /temp it was :). notafish }<';> 11:04, 18 March 2013 (UTC)
I just noticed the more than one thousand pages in Category:Proposed Deletions. Can I ask why? I get the urge to clean-up, but it seems like in deleting pages such as Donaciones/EUR we may be removing history that we could need later. That sort of page was enormously helpful to me when I ran the fundraiser, in piecing together some of the history that I needed. Philippe (WMF) (talk) 07:00, 25 March 2013 (UTC)
Yeah, Jay seems to only attempt to take ownership of this wiki whenever someone else tries to get active here. I say "attempt" as the notion that this wiki is owned or operated by the Wikimedia Foundation communications department is rather novel, given the wiki's history and primary active membership/community. At this point, I believe we've been in discussions for years without any action. I don't find this acceptable.
I hope you can feel me rolling my eyes at MediaWiki:Userrights-summary. And as though we needed further evidence of a mess having been left behind here, I'll just cross-reference this insightful post from yesterday: <https://wikimediafoundation.org/w/index.php?diff=90216&oldid=90171>. --MZMcBride (talk) 21:15, 25 March 2013 (UTC)
In general I think the 2011 stuff is likely okay, but that is up to Megan and Zack as to whether or not they want to keep them around for posterity. Also note that we get a not-insignificant number of donations to the old pages. If you can leave behind a redirect to https://donate.wikimedia.org that would be awesome. For the 2012 stuff, those are WMFr pages, so it would probably be best to check with them. Thanks. -Pgehres (WMF) (talk) 00:39, 24 April 2013 (UTC)
MZ, I'm sorry for the abrupt removal of admin rights on this wiki, which wasn't announced in advance. We've been talking internally for a while about making the governance structure of this wiki more clear, i.e., decisions regarding content and practices in this wiki are ultimately up to WMF staff. There may be projects during which it makes sense to assign temporary adminship to volunteers, as well, but we wanted to start with a clear separation of roles and responsibilities.
I apologize, though, for the hasty implementation of this decision! I didn't intend to express any disrespect or distrust. On the contrary, I'm very grateful for all the work you and other volunteers have done on the Wikimedia Foundation wiki over the years, and I hope you won't be too discouraged by this experience. I'll be posting an update about the next steps for wikimediafoundation.org on the wikimedia-l mailing list soon.
I'll take a look at understanding what you're working on when I get back from vacation next Monday and we can talk more then. Gyoung (talk) 05:04, 13 May 2013 (UTC)
It looks a bit odd when transcluded, for example at Press room - is this intentional? Thehelpfulone 14:41, 12 July 2013 (UTC)
(unindent) The issue appears to be due to resolution. For example, through my own testing, I have found the template looks fine on:
However, the template is broken on:
Perhaps it's to do with resolution? --Deskana (talk) 22:50, 16 July 2013 (UTC)
Hi. Actually, I was helping to hire the two new contractorswhilst I was quiting and that hapenned more than two months ago - Rodrigo Padula and Celio Filho are the new ones. I thought someone who knows better internal decisions of Wikimedia Foundation would update it. Since there is going to be a partnership of Wikimedia Foundation with a Brazilian organization in the Catalyst context, I think it is better check with Anasuya and Oona Castro if all these names of people in the Catalyst are going to be maintained there - India was dropped out. I don't have time to check this now, but I think these are the names to ask. --Everton137 (talk) 01:50, 10 September 2013 (UTC)
I had no idea interwiki redirecting worked here. Thank you for fixing that. :-) PiRSquared17 (talk) 22:57, 21 September 2013 (UTC)
I disagree. No more time today though. --Nemo 13:45, 24 April 2014 (UTC)
To ensure accuracy of the content, would you mind checking with people before writing their self-description for them? As Heather indicated, this was a really misleading summary of the team's work. And while I don't mind some of your rewording, this edit introduced inaccuracies again - it's kind of weird to include journalists or the general public as part of "Wikimedia", and assign the team responsibilities regarding other WMF staff that are not in our actual job descriptions. Regards, Tbayer (talk) 21:23, 24 April 2014 (UTC)
Why did you remove the "hackish translation" stuff? That was actually used on a number of pages, e.g. Huidige staf. PiRSquared17 (talk) 21:47, 24 April 2014 (UTC)



--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/MZMcBride
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Reusing_content_from_Wikimedia_wikis

The Wikimedia Foundation owns almost none of the content on Wikimedia sites — it is owned by the individual creators. However, almost all may be freely reused without individual permission under the terms of the particular license it is under. See the Terms of Use (7.g) for detailed explanations.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Reusing_content
The following pages link to Reusing content:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Jalexander/sandbox

This page contains contact information for specific individuals and functions related to the Wikimedia movement. If you are interested in general discussion about Wikimedia and its projects with the community, please join one of our public mailing lists or IRC channels.

Disclaimer: Emails to infowikimedia.org are reviewed and responded to by volunteers from our user community. Please understand that the Wikimedia Foundation cannot guarantee confidential treatment of any sensitive information you include in your message.

If you would like to send us a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) takedown notice or counter-notice regarding a potential copyright violation, you can find more information, and where to send your request, on our DMCA takedowns page.
Please read our Requests for User Information Procedures and Guidelines and then send your request to:
Please send all other legal questions or requests to:


The local chapters listed below are independent associations with no legal control of or responsibility for the websites of the Wikimedia Foundation and vice versa. Local chapters and their representatives do not speak in an official capacity on behalf of the Wikimedia Foundation. These contacts are provided for convenience.
Local chapters are self-dependent organizations that share the goals of the Wikimedia Foundation and support them within a specified geographical region. They support the Wikimedia Foundation, the Wikimedia community and the Wikimedia projects in different ways - by collecting donations, organizing events and projects, and spreading the word of Wikimedia and Free Culture. They provide the volunteer community and potential partners and supporters with a point of contact capable of fulfilling specific local needs.
If you have questions about local chapters or want to start one in your country, please contact the Affiliations Committee. For more information, see the Wikimedia chapters page on Meta.



The local chapters listed above are independent associations with no legal control of or responsibility for the websites of the Wikimedia Foundation and vice versa. Local chapters and their representatives do not speak in an official capacity on behalf of the Wikimedia Foundation. These contacts are provided for convenience.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Jalexander
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Heather_(WMF)/sandbox
Access Wikipedia in English, Sinha, and Tamil from your mobile phone without incurring data charges. Anyone with a valid SIM from Dialog Axiata can go to zero.wikipedia.org for free access to a text-only version of Wikipedia. Accessing images or the regular Wikipedia mobile site will incur standard data charges.
Wikipedia Zero is a project by the Wikimedia Foundation to provide mobile access, free of data charges, to Wikipedia for people in emerging countries. The Wikimedia Foundation partners with mobile operators to allow for free access to Wikipedia in English as well as local languages. The goal of Wikipedia Zero is to reduce barriers to information, furthering our vision of a world in which every single person on the planet can freely share in the sum of all human knowledge.
If you are interested in bringing Wikipedia Zero to another operator or country, or would like to volunteer to help promote the program locally, please contact the Wikipedia Zero team at the Wikimedia Foundation.


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Heather_(WMF)
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Wikipedia_affiliativemark_w_v1.png
Official Wikipedia affiliate mark
Wikimedia Foundation
January 9, 2009
Derived from a 3D rendering by Philip Metschan of the original Wikipedia puzzle globe created by user:NoHat
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following 3 pages link to this file:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/File:Wikipedia_affiliativemark_w_v1.png
The following pages link to File:Wikipedia affiliativemark w v1.png:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Jalexander/Sandbox

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Wikipedia%27s_W.svg
This is a file from the Wikimedia Commons. The description on its description page there is copied below.
The official Wikipedia W (favicon). The "W" originates from the Hoefler Text typeface by Jonathan Hoefler.
This file is (or includes) one of the official logos or designs used by the Wikimedia Foundation or by one of its projects. Use of the Wikimedia logos and trademarks is subject to the Wikimedia trademark policy and visual identity guidelines, and may require permission. This tag does not indicate the copyright status of the attached work. A normal copyright tag is still required. See Commons:Licensing for more information. 
বাংলা | Deutsch | English | Español | فارسی | Français | Galego | Alemannisch | Italiano | 日本語 | 한국어 | Македонски | Nederlands | Polski | Português | Svenska | ไทย | Türkçe | 中文 | +/−
A free font equivalent
A hand-made version
A cropped version
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following 5 pages link to this file:
The following other wikis use this file:
View more global usage of this file.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/File:Wikipedia%27s_W.svg
The following pages link to File:Wikipedia's W.svg:

--URL: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikipedia%27s_W.svg
The official Wikipedia W (favicon). The "W" originates from the Hoefler Text typeface by Jonathan Hoefler.
This file is (or includes) one of the official logos or designs used by the Wikimedia Foundation or by one of its projects. Use of the Wikimedia logos and trademarks is subject to the Wikimedia trademark policy and visual identity guidelines, and may require permission. This tag does not indicate the copyright status of the attached work. A normal copyright tag is still required. See Commons:Licensing for more information. 
বাংলা | Deutsch | English | Español | فارسی | Français | Galego | Alemannisch | Italiano | 日本語 | 한국어 | Македонски | Nederlands | Polski | Português | Svenska | ไทย | Türkçe | 中文 | +/−
A free font equivalent
A hand-made version
A cropped version
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following 23 pages link to this file:
The following other wikis use this file:
View more global usage of this file.

--URL: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:General_disclaimer
Alemannisch | বাংলা | català | Deutsch | English | español | français | italiano | 日本語 | português | polski | português do Brasil | slovenščina | suomi | svenska | 中文（简体）‎ | 中文（繁體）‎ | русский | +/−
This page is considered an official policy on Wikimedia Commons.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone should follow. Except for minor edits, please make use of the discussion page to propose changes to this policy.
WIKIMEDIA COMMONS MAKES NO GUARANTEE OF VALIDITY
Wikimedia Commons is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation Inc., registered at Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations with number N03000005323. The Wikimedia Foundation is a foundation under the law of the US federal state of Florida. The name and address (as registered as of October 27, 2005) with the U.S. Copyright Office in Washington D.C. for the designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement for the Wikimedia Foundation is:
For questions and interview requests you are welcome to contact the active Wikimedia Commons contributors at an informal level, see Commons:Contact us.
Wikimedia Commons is an online open-content media repository, that is, a voluntary association of individuals and groups who are developing a common resource to house different media. Its structure allows anyone with an Internet connection and World Wide Web browser to alter the content found here. Therefore, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by professionals with the expertise necessary to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.
That's not to say that you won't find valuable and accurate information at the Wikimedia Commons, however please be advised that Wikimedia Commons cannot guarantee, in any way whatsoever, the validity of the information found here. It may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the particular area you are interested in learning about.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, sysops, or anyone else connected with Wikimedia Commons in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual Wikimedia Commons contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikimedia Commons or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the Wikimedia Commons are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikimedia Commons media under the specified licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated Wikimedia Commons and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such Wikimedia Commons can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Please note that the information found here may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. Wikimedia Commons does not encourage the violation of any laws, but as this information is stored on servers in the United States of America, it is being maintained in reference to the protections afforded to all under the United States Constitution's First Amendment and under the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of the United Nations. The laws in your country may not recognize as broad a protection of free speech as the laws of the United States or the principles under the UN Charter and, as such, Wikimedia Commons cannot be responsible for any potential violations of such laws should you link to this domain or use any of the information contained herein in anyway whatsoever.
No consequential damages can be sought against Wikimedia Commons, as it is a voluntary association of individuals developed freely to create various open source online educational, cultural and informational resources. This information is being given to you gratuitously and there is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikimedia Commons regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License (CC-BY-SA) and the GNU Free Documentation License (or such other license as is applied to files); neither is anyone at Wikimedia Commons responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on Wikimedia Commons or any of its associated projects.
Thank you for spending the time to read this page, and please enjoy your experience at Wikimedia Commons.



--URL: http://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E4%B8%80%E8%88%AC%E5%85%8D%E8%B2%AC%E8%81%B2%E6%98%8E
一般免責聲明 – 風險聲明 – 醫藥聲明 – 法律聲明 – 內容聲明
維基百科係網上內容公開嘅一部合作百科全書，係發展人類同享知識嘅志願組織。 呢項計劃嘅結構畀任何上到互聯網嘅人修改佢嘅內容。 請你明白：呢度無嘢真係一定被有專業知識嘅人審過；呢度啲料未必完備、準或者可靠。
That is not to say that you will not find valuable and accurate information in Wikipedia; much of the time you will. However, Wikipedia cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given article may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields.
We are working on ways to select and highlight reliable versions of articles. Our active community of editors uses tools such as the Special:Recentchanges and Special:Newpages feeds to monitor new and changing content. However, Wikipedia is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or engage in casual peer review, they have no legal duty to do so and thus all information read here is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever. Even articles that have been vetted by informal peer review or featured article processes may later have been edited inappropriately, just before you view them.
None of the contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual Wikipedia contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikipedia or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
There is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikipedia regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL); neither is anyone at Wikipedia responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on Wikipedia or any of its associated projects.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of the Wikipedia encyclopedia are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the GFDL licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated Wikipedia and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such Wikipedia cannot grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Publication of information found in Wikipedia may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The Wikipedia database is stored on a server in the State of Florida in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. Wikipedia does not encourage the violation of any laws; and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce, or republish the information contained herein.
If you need specific advice (for example, medical, legal, financial, or risk management) please seek a professional who is licensed or knowledgeable in that area.

--URL: http://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E9%97%9C%E6%96%BC
老友！歡迎你嚟到維基百科，呢度係一本內容開放嘅百科全書。
維基百科全書係本內容開放嘅百科全書。佢嘅目標就係收納人類所有領域嘅知識。粵語維基百科響2006年3月25號開始運作，而家已經有三萬五千九百八十九篇文，而且重唔停噉增加添。維基百科嘅內容可以俾人複製，修改同埋再發佈，只要新嘅版本都同樣跟住我哋嘅許可，並且寫明係嚟自維基百科就得喇。維基百科上嘅文章由始至終都係保持自由。希望維基百科能夠幫到你。介紹維基百科畀你啲朋友啦!
重有，維基百科全書亦係一本用萬國語言寫成嘅百科全書。英文維基百科響2001年1月開始，而家就已經有超過 2,761,289 篇文章。維基百科全書重有其他唔同國家嘅語言版本，若果你需要用其他語言嘅文本，請去首頁下面搵吓。
維基百科用WikiWiki技術，任何人都可以編輯，而全部修改都紀錄晒。粵語維基百科嘅內容由呢個網站嘅所有人一齊寫，我哋相信佢將會響大家嘅無私奉獻下繼續完善。歡迎你一齊參與撰寫維基百科全書嘅工作，自由噉體會寫嘢嘅樂趣，同大家分享你獨到嘅知識同埋經驗。
呢篇文簡介點用同編粵語維基百科；請撳啲藍字嚟睇詳細內容。如果想睇更詳細嘅內容就請去Help同社區大堂。若果有問題嘅就可以去城市論壇搵人幫手。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E5%85%B3%E4%BA%8E
維基百科（Wikipedia）是一個自由內容、公開編輯且多語言的網路百科全書協作計畫，透過Wiki技術使得包括您在內的所有人都可以簡單地使用網頁瀏覽器修改其中的內容。維基百科一字取自於本網站核心技術「Wiki」以及具有百科全書之意的「encyclopedia」共同創造出來的新混成詞「Wikipedia」，當前維基百科是由維基媒體基金會負責營運。
維基百科主要是由網路上志願者共同合作編寫而成，任何使用網際網路進入維基百科者都可以編寫和修改裡面的文章，但是在一些情況下為了避免擾亂或者破壞可能會限制編輯功能。我們可以自由選擇使用匿名、化名或者直接用真實身份來編輯維基百科。與傳統的百科全書相比，在網際網路上運作的維基百科其文字和絕大部分圖片使用GNU自由文件授權條款和創用CC 姓名標示-相同方式分享 3.0協議來提供每個人自由且免費的資訊，任何人都可以成為條目的作者，以及在遵守协议并標示來源後直接複製、使用以及发布這些內容。
維基百科的運作的基本原則是五大支柱。維基百科社群已經制定了許多方針和指引以改善這部百科全書，但並不一定要完全熟悉這些規則後才能夠作出貢獻。維基百科的內容與規則是由志願者所共同決定，維基媒體基金會大多僅作為輔助的角色，不干涉百科全書的內容。訪客只需要依據方针，便能夠改善維基百科、修正百科解釋。無論是任何年齡、來自何種文化或社會背景的人都可以參與維基百科的行列。任何人只要能連上網際網路都可按下「編輯」的連結來修改多數條目的內容，而世界上也的確有上百萬人正在這麼做。每個人只需要符合維基百科的編輯方針，都能夠自由添加資訊、參考資料或者是註釋。不需要擔心不小心破壞維基百科的架構，社群成員們會適時的提出建議或者修復錯誤。
您現在就可以在沙盒中試試做一次編輯（这不會對維基百科的內容造成破壞），或者先瀏覽我們的相關說明後再嘗試編輯。只要點選頁面上方的「編輯本頁」或者右側的[編輯]連結即可修改該頁內容，點擊後您就會看到一個可編輯的文字區域，修改後再點選「保存編輯」便能夠保存您的更改。推薦您花費幾分鐘了解維基百科不是什麼，希望這能夠幫助您了解如何使用維基百科的資訊或者做出貢獻。同時歡迎你在條目討論頁或計畫討論頁中參與對維基百科內容編輯的討論，但請記住在討論頁中任何討論性質發言结尾都應該加入「--~~~~」，藉此簽名來標明這是你的發言內容。無論你是否以帳號登入，系統會將該字句自動轉換為你的簽名。若需與其他維基編輯者私下聯繫，則可以於該使用者的留言頁底部發言，系統會自動提醒對方有新的留言資訊。
歡迎 · 新手入門 · 新手求助
歷史 · 語言列表 · 貢獻者 · 維基人 · 聯絡我們
新聞稿 · 媒體報導
最新更改 · 編輯用戶
瀏覽內容 · WAP存取 · 圖書 · 資料庫下載 · 拷貝網站
版權資訊 · 內容聲明 · 伺服器
维基媒體基金會除了負責維基百科的運作外，同時也協助管理其他數個多語言、自由内容的維基計畫：

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E6%9D%A1%E6%AC%BE




Part of our mission is to:
You are free to:
Under the following conditions:
With the understanding that:

Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. – Our Vision Statement
Welcome to Wikimedia! The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. (“we” or “us”), is a nonprofit charitable organization whose mission is to empower and engage people around the world to collect and develop content under a free license or in the public domain, and to disseminate it effectively and globally, free of charge.
To support our vibrant community, we provide the essential infrastructure and organizational framework for the development of multilingual wiki Projects and their editions (as explained here) and other endeavors which serve this mission. We strive to make and keep educational and informational content from the Projects available on the internet free of charge, in perpetuity.
We welcome you (“you” or the “user”) as a reader, editor, author, or contributor of the Wikimedia Projects, and we encourage you to join the Wikimedia community. Before you participate, however, we ask that you please read and agree to the following Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).
These Terms of Use tell you about our public services at the Wikimedia Foundation, our relationship to you as a user, and the rights and responsibilities that guide us both. We want you to know that we host an incredible quantity of educational and informational content, all of which is contributed and made possible by users like yourself. Generally we do not contribute, monitor, or delete content (with the rare exception of policies like these Terms of Use or legal compliance for DMCA notices). This means that editorial control is in the hands of you and your fellow users who create and manage the content. We merely host this content.
The community - the network of users who are constantly building and using the various sites or Projects - are the principal means through which the goals of the mission are achieved. The community contributes to and helps govern our sites. The community undertakes the critical function of creating and enforcing policies for the specific Project editions (such as the different language editions for the Wikipedia Project or the Wikimedia Commons multi-lingual edition).
You are welcome to join as a contributor, editor, or author, but you should follow the policies that govern each of the independent Project editions. The largest of our Projects is Wikipedia, but we host other Projects too, each with different objectives and work methods. Each Project edition has a team of contributors, editors or authors who work together to create and manage the content on that Project edition. You are welcome to join these teams and work with them to improve these Projects. Because we are dedicated to making content freely accessible to the public, we generally require that all content you contribute is available under a free license or in the public domain.
Please be aware that you are legally responsible for all of your contributions, edits, and re-use of Wikimedia content under the laws of the United States of America and other applicable laws (which may include the laws where you live or where you view or edit content). This means it is important that you use caution when posting content. In light of this responsibility, we have some rules about what you cannot post, most of which is either for your own protection or for the protection of other users like yourself. Please keep in mind that the content we host is for general informational purposes only, so if you need expert advice for a particular question (such as medical, legal, or financial issues), you should seek the help of a licensed or qualified professional. We also include other important notices and disclaimers, so please read these Terms of Use in their entirety.
For clarity, other organizations, such as local Wikimedia chapters and associations, that may share in the same mission are nevertheless legally independent and separate from the Wikimedia Foundation and have no responsibility for the operations of the website or its content.

The Wikimedia Foundation is dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free multilingual content, and to hosting the full content of these wiki-based Projects for the public free of charge. Our role is to host some of the largest collaboratively edited reference Projects in the world, which can be found here. However, we act only as a hosting service, maintaining the infrastructure and organizational framework that allows our users to build the Wikimedia Projects by contributing and editing content themselves. Because of our unique role, there are a couple of things you should be aware of when considering our relationship to you, the Projects, and the other users:
We ask that you review the terms of our Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of how we collect and use your information. Because our services are used by people all over the world, personal information that we collect may be stored and processed in the United States of America or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside your country.
The Projects hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation only exist because of the vibrant community of users like you who collaborate to write, edit, and curate the content. We happily welcome your participation in this community. We encourage you to be civil and polite in your interactions with others in the community, to act in good faith, and to make edits and contributions aimed at furthering the mission of the shared Project.
Certain activities, whether legal or illegal, may be harmful to other users and violate our rules, and some activities may also subject you to liability. Therefore, for your own protection and for that of other users, you may not engage in such activities on our sites. These activities include:

We reserve the right to exercise our enforcement discretion with respect to the above terms.
You are responsible for safeguarding your own password and should never disclose it to any third party.
Although you have considerable freedoms for re-use of the content on the Project websites, it is important that, at the Wikimedia Foundation, we protect our trademark rights so that we can protect our users from fraudulent impersonators. Because of this, we ask that you please respect our trademarks. All Wikimedia Foundation trademarks belong to the Wikimedia Foundation, and any use of our trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, or domain names must be in compliance with these Terms of Use and in compliance with our Trademark Policy.
To grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to the Projects are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely, so long as that use is properly attributed and the same freedom to re-use and re-distribute is granted to any derivative works. In keeping with our goal of providing free information to the widest possible audience, we require that when necessary all submitted content be licensed so that it is freely reusable by anyone who cares to access it.
You agree to the following licensing requirements:
(Re-users may comply with either license or both.)
The only exception is if the Project edition or feature requires a different license. In that case, you agree to license any text you contribute under that particular license. For example, at the publication of this version of the Terms of Use, English Wikinews mandates that all text content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Generic License (CC BY 2.5) and does not require a dual license with GFDL.
Please note that these licenses do allow commercial uses of your contributions, as long as such uses are compliant with the terms.
You agree that, if you import text under a CC BY-SA license that requires attribution, you must credit the author(s) in a reasonable fashion. Where such credit is commonly given through page histories (such as Wikimedia-internal copying), it is sufficient to give attribution in the edit summary, which is recorded in the page history, when importing the text. The attribution requirements are sometimes too intrusive for particular circumstances (regardless of the license), and there may be instances where the Wikimedia community decides that imported text cannot be used for that reason.
When you re-use or re-distribute a text page developed by the Wikimedia community, you agree to attribute the authors in any of the following fashions:
If the text content was imported from another source, it is possible that the content is licensed under a compatible CC BY-SA license but not GFDL (as described in “Importing text,” above). In that case, you agree to comply with the compatible CC BY-SA license and do not have the option to re-license it under GFDL. To determine the license that applies to the content that you seek to re-use or re-distribute, you should review the page footer, page history, and discussion page.
In addition, please be aware that text that originated from external sources and was imported into a Project may be under a license that attaches additional attribution requirements. Users agree to indicate these additional attribution requirements clearly. Depending on the Project, such requirements may appear for example in a banner or other notations pointing out that some or all of the content was originally published elsewhere. Where there are such visible notations, re-users should preserve them.
When modifying or making additions to any non-text media that you have obtained from a Project website, you agree to license the modified or added content in accordance with whatever license under which the work has been made available.
The Wikimedia Foundation wants to ensure that the content that we host can be re-used by other users without fear of liability and that it is not infringing the proprietary rights of others. In fairness to our users, as well as to other creators and copyright holders, our policy is to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the formalities of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Pursuant to the DMCA, we will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, users and account holders of our system and network who are repeat infringers.
However, we also recognize that not every takedown notice is valid or in good faith. In such cases, we strongly encourage users to file counter-notifications when they appropriately believe a DMCA takedown demand is invalid or improper. For more information on what to do if you think a DMCA notice has been improperly filed, you may wish to consult the Chilling Effects website.
If you are the owner of content that is being improperly used on one of the Projects without your permission, you may request that the content be removed under the DMCA. To make such a request, please email us at legalwikimedia.org or snail mail our designated agent at this address.
Alternatively, you may make a request to our community, which often handles copyright issues faster and more effectively than prescribed under the DMCA. In that case, you can post a notice explaining your copyright concerns. For a non-exhaustive and non-authoritative list of the relevant processes for the different Project editions, look here. Before filing a DMCA claim, you also have the option of sending an email to the community at infowikimedia.org.
You are solely responsible for your use of any third-party websites or resources. Although the Projects contain links to third-party websites and resources, we do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for their availability, accuracy, or the related content, products, or services (including, without limitation, any viruses or other disabling features), nor do we have any obligation to monitor such third-party content.
The community has the primary role in creating and enforcing policies applying to the different Project editions. At the Wikimedia Foundation, we rarely intervene in community decisions about policy and its enforcement. In an unusual case, the need may arise, or the community may ask us, to address an especially problematic user because of significant Project disturbance or dangerous behavior. In such cases, we reserve the right, but do not have the obligation to:
In the interests of our users and the Projects, in the extreme circumstance that any individual has had his or her account or access blocked under this provision, he or she is prohibited from creating or using another account on or seeking access to the same Project, unless we provide explicit permission. Without limiting the authority of the community, the Wikimedia Foundation itself will not ban a user from editing or contributing or block a user's account or access solely because of good faith criticism that does not result in actions otherwise violating these Terms of Use or community policies.
The Wikimedia community and its members may also take action when so allowed by the community or Foundation policies applicable to the specific Project edition, including but not limited to warning, investigating, blocking, or banning users who violate those policies. You agree to comply with the final decisions of dispute resolution bodies that are established by the community for the specific Project editions (such as arbitration committees); these decisions may include sanctions as set out by the policy of the specific Project edition.
Especially problematic users who have had accounts or access blocked on multiple Project editions may be subject to a ban from all of the Project editions, in accordance with the Global Ban Policy. In contrast to Board resolutions or these Terms of Use, policies established by the community, which may cover a single Project edition or multiple Projects editions (like the Global Ban Policy), may be modified by the relevant community according to its own procedures.
The blocking of an account or access or the banning of a user under this provision shall be in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms of Use.
The Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees releases official policies from time to time. Some of these policies may be mandatory for a particular Project or Project edition, and, when they are, you agree to abide by them as applicable.
Though we hope you will stay and continue to contribute to the Projects, you can stop using our services any time. In certain (hopefully unlikely) circumstances it may be necessary for either ourselves or the Wikimedia community or its members (as described in Section 10) to terminate part or all of our services, terminate these Terms of Use, block your account or access, or ban you as a user. If your account or access is blocked or otherwise terminated for any reason, your public contributions will remain publicly available (subject to applicable policies), and, unless we notify you otherwise, you may still access our public pages for the sole purpose of reading publicly available content on the Projects. In such circumstances, however, you may not be able to access your account or settings. We reserve the right to suspend or end the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Even after your use and participation are banned, blocked or otherwise suspended, these Terms of Use will remain in effect with respect to relevant provisions, including Sections 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9-15, and 17.
Highlighted for emphasis
We hope that no serious disagreements arise involving you, but, in the event there is a dispute, we encourage you to seek resolution through the dispute resolution procedures or mechanisms provided by the Projects or Project editions and the Wikimedia Foundation. If you seek to file a legal claim against us, you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a state or federal court located in San Francisco County, California. You also agree that the laws of the State of California and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States of America will govern these Terms of Use, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and us (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in San Francisco County, California, in any legal action or proceeding relating to us or these Terms of Use.
To ensure that disputes are dealt with soon after they arise, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you might have arising out of or related to use of our services or these Terms of Use must be filed within the applicable statute of limitations or, if earlier, one (1) year after the pertinent facts underlying such claim or cause of action could have been discovered with reasonable diligence (or be forever barred).
Highlighted for emphasis
At the Wikimedia Foundation, we do our best to provide educational and informational content to a very wide audience, but your use of our services is at your sole risk. We provide these services on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we expressly disclaim all express or implied warranties of all kinds, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We make no warranty that our services will meet your requirements, be safe, secure, uninterrupted, timely, accurate, or error-free, or that your information will be secure.
We are not responsible for the content, data, or actions of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from our services creates any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through your use of our services is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content or communication maintained by the service. We retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice.
Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the types of disclaimers in this section, so they may not apply to you either in part or in full depending on the law.
Highlighted for emphasis
Just as the Wikimedia community's input is essential for the growth and maintenance of the Projects, we believe that community input is essential for these Terms of Use to properly serve our users. It is also essential for a fair contract. Therefore, we will provide these Terms of Use, as well as any substantial future revisions of these Terms of Use, to the community for comment at least thirty (30) days before the end of the comment period. If a future proposed revision is substantial, we will provide an additional 30 days for comments after posting a translation of the proposed revision in at least three languages (selected at our discretion). The community will be encouraged to translate the proposed revision in other languages as appropriate. For changes for legal or administrative reasons, to correct an inaccurate statement, or changes in response to community comments, we will provide at least three (3) days' notice.
Because it may be necessary to modify these Terms of Use from time to time, we will provide notice of such modifications and the opportunity to comment via the Project websites, and via a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L. However, we ask that you please periodically review the most up-to-date version of these Terms of Use. Your continued use of our services after the new Terms of Use become official following the notice and review period constitutes an acceptance of these Terms of Use on your part. For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users like yourself, if you do not agree with our Terms of Use, you cannot use our services.
These Terms of Use do not create an employment, agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between you and us, the Wikimedia Foundation. If you have not signed a separate agreement with us, these Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and us. If there is any conflict between these Terms of Use and a signed written agreement between you and us, the signed agreement will control.
You agree that we may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms of Use, by email, regular mail, or postings on Project websites.
If in any circumstance, we do not apply or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use, it is not a waiver of that provision.
You understand that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, you have no expectation of compensation for any activity, contribution, or idea that you provide to us, the community, or the Wikimedia Projects or Project editions.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Terms of Use, we (the Wikimedia Foundation) and you agree not to modify the applicable terms and requirements of any free license that is employed on the Projects or Project editions when such free license is authorized by these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use were written in English (U.S.). While we hope that translations of these Terms of Use are accurate, in the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is found unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and all other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
We appreciate your taking the time to read these Terms of Use, and we are very happy to have you contributing to the Projects and using our services. Through your contributions, you are helping to build something really big – not only an important collection of collaboratively edited reference Projects that provides education and information to millions who might otherwise lack access, but also a vibrant community of like-minded and engaged peers, focused on a very noble goal.
These Terms of Use went into effect on June 16, 2014. Previous versions of the terms:
In the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.zh
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
署名 — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
为本作品署名：
相同方式共享 — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ko
이 증서는 라이선스의 몇 가지 주요 내용과 조건을 중점적으로 설명한 것입니다. 이 증서 자체는 라이선스가 아니며 아무런 법적 효력이 없습니다. 저작물을 이용하기 전에 실제 라이선스의 내용과 조건을 주의 깊게 읽어보기 바랍니다.
크리에이티브 커먼즈는 법률 사무소가 아니며 아무런 법적 서비스를 제공하지 않습니다. 이 증서를 배포, 전시하거나 이 증서 또는 라이선스로 링크를 건다고 해서 법적 서비스를 제공하는 관계가 발생하는 것은 아닙니다.
저작자표시 — 적절한 출처와, 해당 라이센스 링크를 표시하고, 변경이 있는 경우 공지해야 합니다. 합리적인 방식으로 이렇게 하면 되지만, 이용 허락권자가 귀하에게 권리를 부여한다거나 귀하의 사용을 허가한다는 내용을 나타내서는 안 됩니다.
저작물의 출처
동일조건변경허락 — 이 저작물을 리믹스, 변형하거나 2차적 저작물을 작성하고 그 결과물을 공유할 경우에는 원 저작물과 동일한 조건의 CCL을 적용하여야 합니다.
적용가능한 중재 규칙은 저작물에 함께 게재되는 저작권 표시 안에 정하거나, 그렇지 않은 경우 중재 요청에 의해 정해집니다. 저작물에 첨부된 저작권 표시에 명시되지 않은 경우, UNCITRAL 조정 규칙이 적용됩니다.
추가 정보.
저작자의 이름과 저작권 관련 단체, 저작권 공지, 라이선스 공지, 권리 포기 공지, 콘텐츠 링크 등을 알고 있다면 제공해야 합니다. 4.0 이전 버전의 CC 라이선스를 사용하는 경우, 콘텐츠 제목을 알고 있다면 제목도 표시해야 하며, 기타 조금 다른 사항들이 있습니다.
추가 정보.
4.0 버전에서는 원 저작물을 어떤 식으로든 수정했을 경우 이를 표시하여야 하고 이전 수정 표시도 유지하여야 합니다. 3.0 또는 그 이전 버전에서는 2차적 저작물을 작성한 경우에 한하여 그 표시를 요구하고 있습니다.
적용 가이드.
추가 정보.
아래 링크에 있는 호환 라이선스를 사용할 수도 있습니다: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
추가 정보.
영리 목적 이용은 주로 영리적 이익이나 금전적 보상을 의도한 이용을 말합니다.
추가 정보.
단순히 포맷을 변경하는 것은 2차 저작물에 해당하지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
이 라이선스는 WIPO 저작권 협약 11조에 정의된 효과적 기술 조치의 사용을 금합니다.
추가 정보.
공정 이용 등 저작재산권의 제한에 따른 이용자의 권리는 CC 라이선스의 영향을 받지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
원하는 방식으로 저작물을 이용하기 위해서는 추가적인 허락이 필요할 수도 있습니다.
추가 정보.
CCL을 적용하는 방법에 대해 더 알아보세요.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.zh_TW
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
姓名標示 — 你必須給予 適當表彰、提供指向本授權條款的連結，以及 指出（本作品的原始版本）是否已被變更。你可以任何合理方式為前述表彰，但不得以任何方式暗示授權人為你或你的使用方式背書。
標示這份著作：
相同方式分享 — 若你重混、轉換本素材，或依本素材建立新素材，你必須依本素材的授權條款來散布你的貢獻物。
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
更多資訊.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
更多資訊.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
更多資訊.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
更多資訊.
商業性使用是一種主要為了商業利益或金錢報酬的使用方式。
更多資訊.
僅改變格式不算是創作衍生作品。
更多資訊.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
更多資訊.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
更多資訊.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
更多資訊.
進一步了解創用 CC 授權，或使用此授權款在你的素材上。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ja
コモンズ証は実際のライセンスの主要な特徴や条件の一部だけをハイライトしています。これはライセンスではなく、法的な意味を持ちません。あなたはライセンスされた資料の利用の前に、実際のライセンスの全ての条件を注意深くレビューするべきです。
Creative Commonsは法律事務所ではなく、法律業務を提供するものではありせん。このコモンズ証や、コモンズ証が要約しているライセンスを、配布したり、表示したり、またはそれらにリンクすることは、法律家と依頼者の関係や、そのほかいかなる関係も形成しません。
表示 — あなたは 適切なクレジットを表示し、ライセンスへのリンクを提供し、変更があったらその旨を示さなければなりません。あなたはこれらを合理的などのような方法で行っても構いませんが、許諾者があなたやあなたの利用行為を支持していると示唆するような方法は除きます。
この作品のクレジットを表示する
継承 — もしあなたがこの資料をリミックスしたり、改変したり、加工した場合には、あなたはあなたの貢献部分を元の作品と同じライセンスの下に頒布しなければなりません。
適用される仲裁のルールは作品の著作権表示と共に指定されるか、そのような指定がない場合には、仲裁のリクエストの中で指定されます。作品に付された著作権表示に特段の指定がない限り、裁定にはUNCITRAL Arbitration Rulesが適用されます。
詳細.
あなたは、示されている場合には、クリエイターやクレジット表示の対象の名前、著作権表示、ライセンスに関する注意書き、免責事項に関する注意書き、および資料へのリンクを提供しなければなりません。バージョン4.0以前のCCライセンスでは、資料のタイトルが示されている場合にはそれも提供することを要求しており、他にも細かい違いがある場合があります。
詳細.
4.0 では、あなたは資料を改変をしたかどうかを示さなければならず、またそれまでの改変の表示を保持しなければなりません。3.0以前のバージョンのライセンスでは、派生作品を作成した場合にのみ変更を示すことが要求されていました。
表示に関するご案内.
詳細.
あなたは互換性があるとして https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicensesにリストされているライセンスのひとつを使うこともできます。
詳細.
営利利用は、商業上の利得や金銭的報酬を主な目的とした利用を指します。
詳細.
単にフォーマットを変更することは、作品を改変することを意味しません。
詳細.
このライセンスは、WIPO著作権条約の11条に定義されているところの効果的な技術的な手段を適用することを禁じています。
詳細.
フェアユース、フェアディーリングなど著作権法上の権利制限などに基づく利用者の権利は、CCライセンスによって影響を受けません。
詳細.
この資料をあなたが想定している形でご利用するには、追加的な許諾が必要になる場合があります。
詳細.
CCライセンスの利用についてもっと知る 、またはあなた自身の作品に ライセンスを適用する。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.fa
این سند فقط بعضی از ویژگی‌های کلیدی و شرایط پروانه حقیقی را برجسته می‌کند. این یک پروانه نیست و هیچ ارزش قانونی ندارد. شما باید با دقت همه شرایط و ضوابط پروانه حقیقی را پیش از استفاده از مواد دارای مجوز مرور کنید.
کریتیو کامنز یک شرکت قانونی نیست و خدمات قانونی ارائه نمی‌کند. توزیع‌کردن، نمایش‌دادن، یا پیونددادن به این سند یا پروانه که به طور مختصر بیان می‌کند یک ارتباط مشتری-وکیل یا هر ارتباط دیگر نمی‌سازد.
تخصیص — شما باید اعتبار مناسب ببخشید، یک پیوند به پروانه ارائه کنید، و اگر تغییری صورت گرفته‌است به آن اشاره کنید. شما می‌توانید این کار را به هر شیوه معقول انجام دهید، اما نه به هر روش که نشان دهد پروانه‌دهنده شما یا استفاده‌تان را تأیید می‌کند.
ویژگی این کار :
سهم یکسان — اگر این مواد را ترکیب کنید، تغییر دهید، یا بر اساس آن بسازید، باید مشارکت‌هایتان را تحت همان پروانه بعنوان اصلی توزیع کنید.
قوانین قابل اجرای میانجی‌گری در اطلاع حق تکثیر منتشرشده همراه اثر، یا اگر هیچ‌کدام نبود در درخواست برای میانجی‌گری معین خواهد شد. مگر در غیر این صورت در یک اطلاع حق تکثیر به اثر پیوست‌شده معین شود، UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules به هر حکمیت اعمال می‌شود.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
اگر عرضه شود، شما باید نام خالق و طرف‌های انتساب، یک اطلاع حق تکثیر، یک اطلاع پروانه، یک اطلاع سلب‌کننده مسئولیت، و یک پیوند به مواد ارائه کنید. پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز قبل از نگارش 4.0 همچنین نیاز دارد شما عنوان موادی را که عرضه کردید ارائه کنید، و تفاوت‌های جزئی دیگری ممکن است داشته باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
در نگارش 4.0، شما باید به اینکه مواد را تغییر دادید اشاره کنید و یک اشاره از تغییرات قبلی را حفظ کنید. در نگارش 3.0 و نسخه‌های قدیمی‌تر پروانه، اشاره‌کردن به تغییرات فقط زمانی الزامی است که یک اثر مشتق ایجاد می‌کنید.
ساخت راهنما.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
شما همچنین می‌توانید از یک پروانه که در https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses بعنوان سازگار ذکر شده‌است استفاده کنید
اطلاعات بیشتر.
استفاده تجاری این است که در درجه اول برای بهره تجاری یا جبران خسارت مالی در نظر گرفته شده‌باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
فقط تغییر قالب هرگز یک مشتق نمی‌سازد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
این پروانه استفاده از اقدامات فنی مؤثر را، که با ارجاع به Article 11 از WIPO Copyright Treaty تعریف شده‌است ممنوع می‌کند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
حقوق کاربران در موارد استثنا و محدودیت‌ها، چون استفاده منصفانه و خرید و فروش عادلانه، تحت تأثیر پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز نیستند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
ممکن است لازم داشته باشید پروانه‌های اضافی پیش استفاده از این مواد تهیه کنید اگر قصد دارید.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
درباره پروانه‌دادن کریتیو کامنز بیشتر بیاموزید، یا برای مواد خودتان از این پروانه استفاده کنید.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ar
هذا السند يبرز فقط بعض البنود والخصائص الأساسية للرخصة الفعلية. فهو ليس الرخصة نفسها وليس له أي قيمة قانونية. عليك مراجعة بنود الرخصة الفعلية بعناية قبل استخدام المواد المرخصة بها.
مؤسسة المشاع الإبداعي ليست مكتب محاماة ولا تُقدم أي خدمات قانونية. توزيع، أو عرض، أو الإحالة لهذه الرخصة أو السند الذي يلخصها لا ينشئ علاقة وكالة قانونية أو أي علاقة أخرى.
نَسب المُصنَّف — يجب عليك نَسب العمل لصاحبه بطريقة مناسبة، وتوفير رابط للترخيص، وبيان إذا ما قد أُجريت أي تعديلات على العمل. يمكنك القيام بهذا بأي طريقة مناسبة، ولكن على ألا يتم ذلك بطريقة توحي بأن المؤلف أو المرخِّص مؤيد لك أو لعملك.
نَسب هذا المُصنّف:
الترخيص بالمثل — إذا قمت بأي تعديل، تغيير، أو إضافة على هذا العمل، فيجب عليك توزيع العمل الناتج بنفس شروط ترخيص العمل الأصلي.
تُطبق قواعد الوساطة من خلال إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف، أو طلب الوساطة. وتنطبق قواعد تحكيم لجنة UNCITRAL (لجنة الأمم المتحدة للقانون التجاري الدولي) على أي تحكيم، ما لم يذكر خلاف ذلك في إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
إذا كانت هذه البيانات متاحة، يجب عليك النص على اسم المؤلف والمساهمين في العمل، وإشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر، وملاحظات الترخيص، وإشعار إخلاء المسئولية، ورابط العمل. رخص المشاع الإبداعي قبل الإصدار 4.0 تتطلب منك أيضاً النص على عنوان العمل إن كان متاحاً، وقد تكون هناك اختلافات طفيفة أخرى.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
في الإصدارة 4.0، يجب عليك ذكر وتوضيح أي تغيير أجريته على المُصنَّف. في الإصدارة 3.0 والإصدارات السابقة، يجب عليك ذكر التغييرات فقط في حالة إنشاء عمل مشتق من المُصنَّف.
دليل الوسْم.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
يمكنك معرفة الرخص المتوافقة مع هذه الرخصة لاستخدامها من https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
لمزيد من المعلومات.
الاستخدام التجاري هو غرض يستهدف بشكل أساسي الفائدة المالية أو الربح.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تغيير الصغية أو الهيئة لا يعد اشتقاقاً.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تمنع الرخصة تطبيق التدابير التكنولوجية، طبقاً للبند رقم 11 في معاهدة WIPO لحقوق الملكية الفكرية.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
حقوق المستخدمين في إطار الاستثناءات، مثل الاستخدام العادل، والتعامل العادل، لا تتأثر برخص المشاع الإبداعي.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
قد تحتاج صلاحيات إضافية قبل استخدام المصنف للغرض الذي تريده.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
اعرف المزيد عن رخص المشاع الإبداعي، أو استخدم الرخصة لأعمالك.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.uk
Короткий виклад підкреслює лише деякі ключові умови ліцензії. Він не є ліцензією і не має юридичного сенсу. Вам слід уважно ознайомитися з усіма умовами власне ліцензії перед використанням ліцензованого матеріалу.
Creative Commons не є юридичною фірмою і не надає юридичних послуг. Розповсюдження, показ, або посилання на короткий виклад або на ліцензію не породжує відносик клієнт-юрист або будь-яких інших правовідносин.
Із зазначенням авторства — Ви маєте вказати автора, розмістити посилання на ліцензію та вказати чи було внесено зміни до твору. Ви можете зробити це у будь-який розумний спосіб, але так, щоб не створювати враження стосовно того, що ліцензіар підтримує вас або ваше використання твору.
Зазначте авторство цього твору:
Розповсюдження на тих самих умовах — Якщо ви реміксуєте, трансформуєте, засновуєте свій твір на матеріалі, ви повинні розповсюджувати свої твори на умовах тієї ж ліцензії, що й оригінал.
Застосовні правила медіації будуть визгачені в застереженні про авторське право, опублікованому з твором, або запиті про медіацію. У разі якщо інше не було зазначено у застереженні про авторське право, розповсюдженому з твором, будуть застосовуватісь правила медіації UNCITRAL.
Докладніше.
Якщо такі наявні, ви маєте вказати ім'я автора, застереження про авторське право, вказівку на ліцензію, застереження про відмову від відповідальності, та посилання на матеріал. Більш ранні, ніж Версія 4.0, версії ліцензій CC також вимагають від вас вказувати назву матеріалу, якщо вона наявна, та можуть мати інші невеликі відмінності.
Докладніше.
В 4.0, ви маєте зазначити чи ви вносили зміни до матеріалу і зберігати зазначення попередніх модифікацій. В 3.0 і попередніх версіях ліцензії вказівка про внесені зміни була необхідною тільки у разі створення похідного твору.
Інструкція стосовно позначення.
Докладніше.
Ви також можете використати ліцензію, що визначена як сумісна на https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Докладніше.
Комерційним вважається використання головним чином спрямоване на отримання комерційних вигод чи грошових коштів.
Докладніше.
Зміна формату сама по собі не призводить до створення похідного твору.
Докладніше.
Ліцензія забороняє застосування засобів технологічного захисту, визначених з урахуванням положень Статті 11 Угоди ВОІВ про авторське право.
Докладніше.
Права користувачів, встановлені винятками і обмеженнями авторського права, такі як право на добросовісне і чесне використання, не обмежуються ліцензіями СС.
Докладніше.
Можливо вам потрібно буде отримати додаткові дозволи перед використанням матеріалу у бажаний вами спосіб.
Докладніше.
Дізнайтеся більше про ліцензії CC або використовуйте цю ліцензію для своїх власних творів.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ru
Данное краткое описание лицензии содержит только некоторые ключевые особенности и условия самой лицензии. Оно не является лицензией и не имеет юридической силы. Прежде чем начать использовать лицензированный материал, вам следует внимательно ознакомиться со всеми условиями и положениями самой лицензии, прежде чем начать использовать лицензируемый материал.
Creative Commons не является юридической фирмой и не оказывает юридические услуги. Распространение, показ или предоставление ссылки на это краткое описание или на лицензию не создает отношений, аналогичных отношениям между адвокатом и клиентом, или иных отношений.
«Attribution» («Атрибуция») — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Атрибутируйте это произведение (укажите его авторство):
«ShareAlike» («На тех же условиях») — Если вы перерабатываете, преобразовываете материал или берёте его за основу для производного произведения, вы должны распространять переделанные вами части материала на условияхтой же лицензии, в соответствии с которой распространяется оригинал.
Применяемые правила посредничества будут указаны в уведомлении об авторских правах, публикуемом вместе с произведением, или, в случае отсутствия такого уведомления, в запросе на осуществление посредничества. В случае отсутствия иных договоренностей, указанных в уведомлении об авторских правах, которое опубликовано вместе с произведением, в отношении любого арбитражного процесса будут применяться Правила Арбитража Комиссии ООН по праву международной торговли (ЮНСИТРАЛ).
Подробнее.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Подробнее.
В соответствии с версией лицензии 4.0 вы должны указать внесённые вами изменения в материал и сохранить указания на предыдущие изменения. В соответствии с версией лицензии 3.0 и более ранними версиями лицензий указание внесенных изменений требуется только в случае создания вами производного материала.
Руководство по маркировке контента.
Подробнее.
Вы также можете использовать лицензию, входящую в список совместимых на странице https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Подробнее.
Использование в коммерческих целях – это использование, в первую очередь направленное на получение коммерческого преимущества или денежного вознаграждения.
Подробнее.
Одно лишь изменение формата не является созданием производного материала.
Подробнее.
Лицензия запрещает применение эффективных технических средств, определённых согласно Статье 11 Договора ВОИС по авторскому праву.
Подробнее.
Права пользователей в соответствии с ограничениями и исключениями, такими как добросовестное использование и честное использование, не затрагиваются лицензиями CC.
Подробнее.
Вам может потребоваться получить дополнительные разрешения на использование этого материала по вашему замыслу.
Подробнее.
Узнайте больше о лицензиях CC или используйте эту лицензию для своих собственных произведений.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.be
Гэта падсумаванне падкрэслівае толькі некаторыя магчымасці і ўмовы актуальных ліцэнзій. Яно не з'яўляецца ліцэнзіяй і не мае юрыдычнай значнасці. Вам варта ўважліва праглядаць усе палажэнні і ўмовы дзеючай ліцэнзіі перад выкарыстаннем ліцэнзуемага матэрыялу.
Creative Commons не юрыдычная фірма і не прадастаўляе юрыдычныя паслугі. Распаўсюджванне, паказ, звязванне гэтага скарочанага апісання або ліцэнзій не ствараюць адносінаў юрыст-кліент або іншых адносінаў.
Пазначэнне аўтарства — Вы павінны даць адпаведны давер, прадаставіць спасылку на ліцэнзію і абазначыць, калі былі нейкія змены. Вы можаце рабіць гэтак жа у любой суадноснай манеры, але не шляхам падтрымкі вас або вашага выкарыстання ліцэнзіярам.
Пазначце аўтара гэтага твору:
На тых самых умовах — Калі вы рэміксуеце, або робіце твор на гатовым матэрыяле, вы павінны распаўсюджваць ваш унёсак пад гэткай жа ліцэнзіяй як арыгінальная.
Дастасоўныя правілы медыяцыі будуць абазначаны ў зацемцы аўтарскага права апублікаванага з творам, або, калі няма такой пазнакі, тады ў запыце на медыяцыю. Калі не абазначана іначай у паведамленні аўтарскага права далучанага да твору, прымяняюцца правілы арбітражу Камісіі ААН па праву міжнароднага гандлю - UNCITRAL.
Больш інфармацыі.
Калі прапанаваны заўвагі, ліцэнзійныя заўвагі, адмовы ад адказнасці, спасылкі на матэрыял, вы павінны прадаставіць імя стваральніка і пазнакі іншых удзельнікаў. Ліцэнзіі СС да версіі 4.0 таксама патрабуюць прадаставіць назву матэрыяла, калі зроблены і іншыя невялікія праўкі.
Больш інфармацыі.
У версіі 4.0, вы павінны ўказаць, калі вы мадыфікавалі гэты матэрыял або адзнаку аб папярэдніх мадыфікацыях. У версіі 3.0 і ранейшых версіях ліцэнзій пазнака зменаў неабходная, толькі калі вы стварылі залежны твор.
Падручнік пазначэнняў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вы можаце таксама выкарыстоўваць ліцэнзію сумяшчальную з https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Больш інфармацыі.
Камерцыйнае выкарыстанне - гэта галоўным чынам намер атрымаць камерцыйную выгоду або грашовую кампенсацыю.
Больш інфармацыі.
Адна змена фармату не стварае залежнага твору.
Больш інфармацыі.
Ліцэнзія забараняе прымяняць эфектыўныя тэхналагічныя сродкі, вызначыная спасылкай на Артыкул 11 Дамовы Аб Аўтарскім Праве САІУ - WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Больш інфармацыі.
Такія выключэнні і абмежаванні правой карыстальнікаў як добрасумленнае выкарыстанне і чэсная дзелавая практыка не падпадаюць пад уздзеянне СС ліцэнзіяў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вам магчыма неабходна атрымаць дадатковыя доступы перад выкарыстаннем матэрыялы, якія вы жадаеце.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вывучаць болей аб СС ліцэнзаванні, або выкарыстаць ліцэнзію для вашага ўласнага матэрыялу.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.el
Αυτό το έγγραφο επισημαίνει μόνο μερικά από τα βασικά χαρακτηριστικά και όρους της πραγματικής άδειας. Δεν είναι άδεια και δεν έχει νομική ισχύ. Θα πρέπει προσεκτικά να επιθεωρήσετε όλους τους όρους και προϋποθέσεις της κανονικής άδειας πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε το αδειοδοτούμενο υλικό.
Η Creative Commons δεν είναι εταιρεία παροχής νομικών υπηρεσιών και δεν παρέχει τέτοιου είδους υπηρεσίες. Η διανομή, προβολή, ή σύνδεση σε αυτό το έγγραφο ή την άδεια που συνοψίζει δεν δημιουργεί κάποια σχέση δικηγόρου-πελάτη ή οποιαδήποτε άλλη σχέση.
Αναφορά Δημιουργού — Θα πρέπει να καταχωρίσετε αναφορά στο δημιουργό , με σύνδεσμο της άδειας, και με αναφορά αν έχουν γίνει αλλαγές . Μπορείτε να το κάνετε αυτό με οποιονδήποτε εύλογο τρόπο, αλλά όχι με τρόπο που να υπονοεί ότι ο δημιουργός αποδέχεται το έργο σας ή τη χρήση που εσείς κάνετε.
Κάντε Αναφορά Δημιουργού σ'αυτό το έργο:
Παρόμοια Διανομή — Αν αναμείξετε, τροποποιήσετε, ή δημιουργήσετε πάνω στο υλικό, πρέπει ν δινείμετε τις δικές σας συνεισφορές υπό την ίδια άδεια όπως και το πρωτότυπο.
Οι ισχύοντες κανόνες διαμεσολάβησης θα υποδεικνύονται στη σημείωση copyright που δημοσιεύεται με το έργο, ή αν δεν υπάρχει καμία τέτοια, τότε στο αίτημα για διαμεσολάβηση. Εκτός και αν, σε κάποια σημείωση copyright που είναι επισυνημμένη στο έργο, έχει υποδειχθεί διαφορετικά, θα ισχύουν οι κανόνες Διαμεσολάβησης UNCITRAL που ισχύουν σε κάθε διαμεσολάβηση.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Εάν υπάρχουν, πρέπει να δώσετε το όνομα του αρχικού δημιουργού και τα ονόματα τρίτων, ανφορά στα πνευματικά δικαιώματα, την αρχική άδεια, αποποίησης ευθύνης και σύνδεσμο στο υλικό. Οι άδειες CC πριν από την έκδοση 4.0 απαιτούν να παρέχετε τον τίτλο του υλικού.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Στην έκδοση 4.0, πρέπει να υποδείξετε εάν τροποποιήσατε το υλικό και διατηρήσατε μια ένδειξη για τις προηγούμενες τροποποιήσεις. Στην έκδοση 3.0 και στις προγενέστερες εκδόσεις της αδείας, η ένδειξη των αλλαγών απαιτείται μόνο αν δημιουργήσατε ένα παράγωγο έργο.
Οδηγός σήμανσης.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μπορείτε επίσης να χρησιμοποιήσετε μια άδεια καταχωρημένη ως συμβατή στο https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ως εμπορική χρήση νοείται πρωτίστως εκείνη που αποσκοπεί στον προσπορισμό ενός εμπορικού πλεονεκτήματος ή μιας χρηματικής ανταμοιβής.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η απλή αλλαγή του φορμά δεν δημιουργεί ένα παράγωγο.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η άδεια απαγορεύει τη εφαρμογή αποτελεσματικών τεχνολογικών μέτρων, που ορίζονται με αναφορά στο Άρθρο 11 της Συνθήκης της Παγκόσμιας Οργάνωσης για την Προστασία της Πνευματικής Ιδιοκτησίας/ WIPO, σχετικά με το Copyright.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Τα δικαιώματα των χρηστών, πέραν των εξαιρέσεων και των περιορισμών όπως η ορθή χρήση και διανομή, δεν επηρεάζονται από τις άδειες της CC.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ενδέχεται να πρέπει να λάβετε περαιτέρω αδειοδότηση πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε αυτό το υλικό όπως επιθυμείτε.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μάθετε περισσότερα σχετικά με την CC αδειοδότηση ή χρησιμοποιήστε την άδεια σε δικό σας υλικό.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.cs
Toto Zkrácené znění pouze zdůrazňuje některé důležité prvky a podmínky samotných licenčních podmínek. Nejedná se o licenci a samo o sobě nemá žádnou právní váhu. Před vlastním licencováním Vašeho díla si pečlivě prostudujte veškerá ustanovení a podmínky samotné licence.
Organizace Creative Commons není advokátní kanceláří ani neposkytuje právní služby. Distribucí, zveřejněním či odkázáním na tuto licenci nebo její zkrácené znění, které ji shrnuje, nevzniká vztah mezi klientem a advokátem, ani žádný jiný vztah.
Uveďte původ — Je Vaší povinností uvést autorství, poskytnout s dílem odkaz na licenci a vyznačit Vámi provedené změny. Toho můžete docílit jakýmkoli rozumným způsobem, nicméně nikdy ne způsobem naznačujícím, že by poskytovatel licence schvaloval nebo podporoval Vás nebo Váš způsob užití díla.
Uveďte Autora:
Zachovejte licenci — Pokud budete toto dílo upravovat, pozměňovat nebo na něj navazovat, musíte svoje odvozená díla vystavovat pod stejnou licencí jako původní dílo.
Použitelná pravidla mimosoudního řešení sporů budou určena v autorské doložce vydané spolu s dílem, popřípadě v návrhu na mimosoudní řešení sporu. Nebude-li stanoveno v autorské doložce jinak, na jakékoli spory se použije rozhodčí řád UNCITRAL.
Více informací.
Pokud jsou následující informace známé, musíte uvést: jméno autora a spoluautorů, informace o autorských právech, informace o licenci, prohlášení o vyloučení odpovědnosti a odkaz na dílo. Licence předcházející verzi 4.0 zároveň požadují, aby byl uveden název materiálu, pokud je znám, a mohou mít i další drobné odlišné požadavky.
Více informací.
Ve verzi 4.0 musíte uvést, zda jste dílo upravili a zároveň zachovat záznamy o předchozích úpravách. Ve verzi 3.0 a předešlých verzích licencí musíte zaznamenat změny pouze v případě, že jste vytvořili odvozené dílo.
Průvodce označením.
Více informací.
Můžete použít také licenci uvedenou jako kompatibilní v tomto seznamu: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Více informací.
Komerčním využitím se rozumí použít dílo za účelem obchodního zisku nebo peněžní odměny.
Více informací.
Pouhá změna formátu nikdy nevytváří odvozené dílo.
Více informací.
Tato licence zakazuje použití účinných technologických prostředků ve smyslu článku 11 Smlouvy WIPO o právu autorském.
Více informací.
Práva uživatelů díla plynoucí z volného užití díla nejsou licencí Creative Commons dotčena.
Více informací.
Je možné, že budete potřebovat získat další povolení, než budete moci dílo použít, jak máte v úmyslu.
Více informací.
Zjistěte více o licencích Creative Commons nebo použijte CC licenci pro vlastní dílo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.is
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Vísun til höfundar — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Vísa til uppruna þessa verks:
DeilaEins — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.tr
Bu özet asıl lisansın sadece ana hat ve kurallarını belirtir. Lisans değildir ve kanuni değer taşımaz. Lisanslanmış materyali kullanmadan önce orjinal lisanstaki tüm kural ve şartları dikkatle okumanız gerekir.
Creative Coomns bir hukuk firması değildir ve hukuki hizmet vermez. Bu özeti ya da bağlı olduğu lisansı dağıtmak, göstermek ya da linklemek bir avukat müvekkil ilişkisi yaratmaz.
Alıntı — uygun bilgiyi, lisansa linki, and ve değişiklik yapıldıysa değişiklik bilgisinivermelisiniz. Sizi veya kullanımınızı lisansörün onayladığı bilgisini içermemek kaydıyla, size uygun şekilde bu işlemleri gerçekleştirebilirsiniz.
Bu eserden alıntı yapın:
LisansDevam — Eğer materyali karıştırdınızsa, aktardınızsa ya da materyalin üzerine çalıştınızsa, ancak aynı lisans ile dağıtabilirsiniz.
Uygulanabilir arabuluculuk kuralları eser ile beraber yayınlanan telif hakkı notunda yer alır, eğer yoksa arabuluculuk ihtiyacı not olarak eklenir. Esere bağlı bir telif hakkı bildirimi belirlenmemesi durumunda, UNCITRAL Tahkim Kuralları geçerlidir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Eğer sağlanmışsa, yaratıcısının ve alıntı gruplarının isimlerini, telif hakkı bildirimini, lisans uyarısını, gizlilik yönergesini ve esere linki sağlamanız gerekir. Sürüm 4.0'dan önceki CC lisansları eğer varsa eserin başlığının sağlanmasını, ve bazı küçük farklılıkları içermektedir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
4,0 ile materyali değiştirdiğiniz ve önceki değişiklikleri koruduğunuzu belirtmeniz gerekir. 3,0 ve önceki lisans sürümlerinde, değişikliklerin gösterilmesi sadece türetilen eserlerde gerekliydi.
İşaretleme rehberi.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Aynı zamanda uyumlu olarak listelenen lisanları da kullanabilirsiniz https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daha fazla bilgi.
Tticari kullanımı öncelikle ticari avantaj ya da maddi tazminat için tasarlanmıştır.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Formatta belli belirsiz değişiklik türetilmiş eser yaratmaz.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Bu lisans WIPO Copyright Treat 11 nolu maddede tanımlandığı şekliyle, etkili teknolojik önlemleri yasaklar.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Adil kullanım ve adil anlaşma gibi istisnalar ve kısıtlamalarla kullanıcıya verilen haklar CC lisansları tarafından etkilenemez.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Kullanmayı düşündüğünüz materyal için ek izinler almanız gerekebilir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
CC lisanslama hakkında daha fazla bilgi, ya da kendi materyaliniz için lisans kullanımı.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.sv
Denna sammanfattning uppmärksammar enbart vissa av de viktigaste inslagen och villkoren från den faktiska licensen. Den är inte en licens och har inget juridiskt värde. Du bör noggrant gå igenom alla villkor i den faktiska licensen innan du använder det licensierade materialet.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Erkännande — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Erkänn detta arbete:
DelaLika — Om du remixar, transformerar eller bygger vidare på materialet måste du distribuera dina bidrag under samma licens som originalet.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mer information.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mer information.
I 4.0, måste du indikera om du har modifierat materialet samt behålla indikeringar på tidigare modifieringar. I 3.0 och tidigare licensversioner krävs indikering av ändringar endast om du skapar en bearbetning.
Marking guide.
Mer information.
Du kan även använd en licens som listas som likvärdig på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer information.
En kommersiell användning är en som främst är avsedd för kommersiell nytta eller monetär ersättning.
Mer information.
Att enbart ändra formatet skapar aldrig en bearbetning.
Mer information.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mer information.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mer information.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mer information.
Lär dig mer om CC-licensiering, eller använd licensen för ditt eget material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.fi
Tässä tiivistelmässä nostetaan esiin vain muutamia varsinaisen lisenssin tärkeimpiä ominaisuuksia ja ehtoja. Tiivistelmä ei ole lisenssi, eikä sillä ole oikeudellista merkitystä. Sinun tulee tutustua huolella varsinaisen lisenssin kaikkiin ehtoihin ennen lisensoidun aineiston käyttöä.
Creative Commons ei ole asianajo- tai lakiasiaintoimisto, eikä se tarjoa oikeudellisia palveluja. Tämän lisenssin tai sen tiivistelmän levitys tai näyttäminen taikka niihin linkittäminen ei luo toimeksianto- eikä muutakaan suhdetta.
Nimeä — Sinun on mainittava lähde asianmukaisesti, tarjottava linkki lisenssiin sekä merkittävä, mikäli olet tehnyt muutoksia. Voit tehdä yllä olevan millä tahansa kohtuullisella tavalla, mutta et siten, että annat ymmärtää lisenssinantajan suosittelevan sinua tai teoksen käyttöäsi.
Mainitse tekijän nimi:
JaaSamoin — Jos remiksaat tai muokkaat aineistoa taikka luot sen pohjalta uusia aineistoja, sinun on jaettava muutoksiasi samalla lisenssillä kuin alkuperäistä aineistoa.
Sovellettavat sovittelusäännöt ilmoitetaan teoksen yhteydessä julkaistussa tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä tai sellaisen puuttuessa sovittelupyynnön yhteydessä. Ellei teoksen tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä muuta ilmoiteta, kaikkiin välitysmenettelyihin sovelletaan YK:n kansainvälisen kauppaoikeuden toimikunnan (UNICITRAL) välimiessääntöjä.
Lisätietoja.
Sikäli kuin nämä tiedot on annettu, sinun on pidettävä näkyvillä tekijän nimi ja muut nimettäväksi mainitut tahot, tekijänoikeusmerkintä, lisenssimerkintä, vastuuvapauslauseke sekä linkki aineistoon. CC-lisenssin versiota 4.0 varhaisemmat versiot edellyttävät myös aineiston nimikkeen mainitsemista ja saattavat sisältää myös muita pieniä eroavaisuuksia.
Lisätietoja.
Version 4.0 mukaan sinun on merkittävä, mikäli olet muokannut aineistoa, sekä säilyttää tiedot aiemmista muokkauksista. Versiossa 3.0 ja aiemmissa versioissa muutokset on mainittava vain, jos itse luot johdannaisteoksen.
Merkitsemisopas.
Lisätietoja.
Voit käyttää myös sellaista yhteensopivaksi luettua lisenssiä, joka on mainittu osoitteessa https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Lisätietoja.
Kaupallinen käyttö tarkoittaa tarkoittaa käyttöä, joka ei ole pääasiassa tarkoitettu kaupallisen hyödyn tai rahallisen korvauksen tavoitteluun.
Lisätietoja.
Pelkkää formaatin muuttamista ei pidetä johdannaisteoksen luomisena.
Lisätietoja.
Lisenssi kieltää tehokkaiden teknisten toimenpiteiden käytön, viitaten WIPO:n tekijänoikeussopimuksen 11 artiklan määritelmään.
Lisätietoja.
CC-lisenssit eivät vaikuta sellaisiin käyttäjän oikeuksiin, jotka perustuvat erityisiin poikkeuksiin tai rajoituksiin, kuten esimerkiksi fair use tai fair dealing -poikkeuksiin.
Lisätietoja.
Voit mahdollisesti tarvita lisälupia, jotta voit käyttää aineistoa haluamallasi tavalla.
Lisätietoja.
Lue lisää CC-lisensoinnista tai käytä tätä lisenssiä omaan aineistoosi.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ro
Acest text subliniaza doar câteva din caracteristicile cheie și termenii actualei licenței actuale. Nu este o licență și nu are nici o valoare din punct de vedere legal. Ar trebui să analizezi toți termenii și toate condițiile licenței actuale înainte de începerea utilizării acesteia.
Creative Commons nu este o firmă de avocatură și nu oferă servicii juridice. Distribuirea, afișarea, ori trimiterea cătrea acest act ori către licența ce îl rezumă nu creează o relație de tip avocat-client ori de oricare alt fel.
Atribuire — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuirea acestei opere:
Distribuie în condiţii identice — Daca remixezi, transformi, sau construiești pe baza operei, trebuie să distribui contribuțiile tale sub aceeași licență precum originalul.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mai multe informații.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mai multe informații.
În versiunea 4.0, trebuie să menționezi dacă ai modificat materialul și să păstrezi indicatori ai modificărilor precedente. În versiunea 3.0 și în alte versiuni anterioare, indicarea modificărilor aduse este solicitată doar dacă ai creat o operă derivată.
Ghid de marcare.
Mai multe informații.
Poți folosi de asemenea o licență ce apare ca fiind compatibilă pe https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mai multe informații.
O utilizare în scopuri comerciale este o utilizare destinată obținerii unui avantaj comercial sau unei compensații financiare.
Mai multe informații.
Simpla schimbare a formatului nu crează niciodată o operă derivată.
Mai multe informații.
Licența interzice aplicarea măsurilor tehnologice efective, definite prin referință la Articolul 11 al Tratatului privind Dreptul de Autor al Organizației Mondiale a Proprietății Intelectuale
Mai multe informații.
Drepturile utilizatorilor (ce pot realiza activități ce intră categoria excepțiilor și limitărilor), conform bunei uzanței, nu sunt afectate de licențele CC.
Mai multe informații.
Va trebui să primești permisiuni suplimentare înainte de utilizarea operei așa cum intenționezi.
Mai multe informații.
Află mai multe despre licențierea CC, sau folosește această licență pentru opera ta.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.pt_BR
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Você deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — Você deve dar o crédito apropriado, prover um link para a licença e indicar se mudanças foram feitas. Você deve fazê-lo em qualquer circunstância razoável, mas de maneira alguma que sugira ao licenciante a apoiar você ou o seu uso.
Atribuir este trabalho:
CompartilhaIgual — Se você remixar, transformar, ou criar a partir do material, tem de distribuir as suas contribuições sob a mesma licença que o original.
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e partes da atribuição, um aviso de direito autoral, um aviso de licença e um link para o material. Licenças CC anteriores à versão 4.0 também requerem a você prover o título do material se fornecido e quaisquer outras mudanças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores sob exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.pt
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuir este trabalho:
CompartilhaIgual — Se você remixar, transformar, ou criar a partir do material, tem de distribuir as suas contribuições ao abrigo da mesma licença que o original.
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e das partes de atribuição, o aviso de direito de autor, o aviso da licença, o aviso de exoneração de responsabilidade e um link para o material. As licenças CC anteriores à Versão 4.0 também exigem que você forneça o título do material, se indicado, e podem ter outras ligeiras diferenças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores decorrentes de exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.pl
Przystępne podsumowanie licencji opisuje jedynie wybrane warunki i zapisy licencji Creative Commons. Niniejszy tekst nie jest licencją prawnoautorską i nie posiada wartości prawnej. Przed użyciem licencjonowanego utworu należy dokładnie zapoznać się z warunkami licencyjnymi zawartymi w licencji.
Creative Commons nie jest firmą prawniczą i nie świadczy usług prawnych. Rozpowszechnianie, publikowanie lub tworzenie odnośników do niniejszego przystępnego podsumowania ("Commons Deed") nie tworzy stosunku prawnego „adwokat-klient”.
Uznanie autorstwa — Utwór należy odpowiednio oznaczyć, podać link do licencji i wskazać jeśli zostały dokonane w nim zmiany . Możesz to zrobić w dowolny, rozsądny sposób, o ile nie sugeruje to udzielania prze licencjodawcę poparcia dla Ciebie lub sposobu, w jaki wykorzystujesz ten utwór.
Uznaj autorstwo utworu:
Na tych samych warunkach — Remiksując utwór, przetwarzając go lub tworząc na jego podstawie, należy swoje dzieło rozpowszechniać na tej samej licencji, co oryginał.
Odpowiednie zasady mediacji zostaną wskazane w nocie prawnej opublikowanej z utworem, lub w przypadku ich braku we wniosku o mediację. Jeśli nie zaznaczono inaczej w nocie prawnej dołączonej do utworu, zastosowanie mają Reguły Arbitrażowe Komisji Narodów Zjednoczonych do spraw międzynarodowego prawa handlowego (UNCITRAL).
Więcej informacji.
Należy podać imię i nazwisko twórcy utworu lub innych podmiotów, których autorstwo należy uznać - o ile zostały podane, a także informację prawnoautorską, informację licencyjną, notę o wyłączeniu odpowiedzialności oraz odnośnik do utworu. Licencje CC wcześniejsze niż wersja 4.0 posiadają wymóg podania tytułu utworu - o ile został on podany, oraz mogą mieć inne niewielkie różnice.
Więcej informacji.
W wersji 4.0 licencji należy wskazać, czy materiał został zmodyfikowany oraz zachować opisy wcześniejszych modyfikacji (jeśli miały miejsce). W wersji 3.0 oraz wcześniejszych, zaznaczenie zmian było wymagane tylko jeśli powstał utwór zależny.
Wskazówki jak oznaczać.
Więcej informacji.
Można również wykorzystać kompatybilną licencję opisaną na stronie https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Więcej informacji.
Przez użycie komercyjne rozumiemy takie, które służy przede wszystkim uzyskaniu korzyści majątkowej lub pieniężnego wynagrodzenia.
Więcej informacji.
Sama zmiana formatu nigdy nie powoduje powstania utworu zależnego
Więcej informacji.
Licencja zakazuje wykorzystania skutecznych zabezpieczeń technicznych, zdefiniowanych w odniesieniu do Artykułu 11 traktatu WIPO o prawie autorskim.
Więcej informacji.
Licencje CC nie wpływają na prawa użytkowników wynikające z ograniczeń i wyjątków od prawa autorskiego, takich jak przepisy dozwolonego użytku, fair use czy fair dealing.
Więcej informacji.
Dodatkowe zezwolenia mogą być niezbędne aby móc korzystać z utworu w zamierzony sposób.
Więcej informacji.
Dowiedz się więcej na temat licencji Creative Commons albo użyj tej licencji dla udostępnienia własnych treści.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.no
Dette sammendraget fremhever bare noen av de viktigste egenskapene og vilkårene i lisensen. Det er ikke en lisens og har ingen juridisk betydning. Du bør lese nøye gjennom alle bestemmelsene og vilkårene i selve lisensen før du bruker det lisensierte materialet.
Creative Commons er ikke et advokatfirma og tilbyr ikke juridiske tjenester. Å distribuere, vise, eller lenke til denne oppsummeringen eller til lisensen som oppsummeres skaper ikke et advokat-klient-relasjon eller noen annen relasjon.
Navngivelse — Du må oppgi korrekt kreditering, oppgi en lenke til lisensen, og indikere om endringer er blitt gjort. Du kan kan gjøre dette på enhver rimelig måte, men uten at det kan forstås slik at lisensgiver bifaller deg eller din bruk av verket.
Krediter dette verk:
DelPåSammeVilkår — Dersom du remixer, bearbeider eller bygger på materialet, må du distribuere dine bidrag under samme lisens som originalen.
De gjeldende bestemmelser vedrørende mekling vil bli angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen som er knyttet til verket, eller i anmodningen om mekling dersom ingen slik bestemmelse er angitt. Med mindre annet er angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen knyttet til arbeidet, skal UNCITRALs voldgiftsregler gjelde for enhver mekling.
Mer informasjon.
Dersom det er oppgitt må du vise navnet på opphavspersoner og andre parter som skal navngis. Videre må du vise en opphavsrettnotis, en lisensangivelse, en ansvarsfraskrivelse, og en lenke til materialet. CC lisenser før CC 4.0 har også et krav om at du skal oppgi tittelen på materialet dersom den er oppgitt, og kan ha andre mindre forskjeller.
Mer informasjon.
I 4.0 må du indikere dersom du har endret materialet og beholde en indikasjon på tidligere endringer. I 3.0 og tidligere lisensversjoner er indikasjon av endringer kun nødvendig dersom du skaper en bearbeidelse.
Retningslinjer for markering.
Mer informasjon.
Du kan også benytte en lisens som er angitt som kompatibel på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer informasjon.
Kommersiell bruk er først og fremst bruk som har til hensikt å oppnå en kommersiell fordel eller i ervervsøyemed.
Mer informasjon.
Bare å endre formatet skaper ikke en bearbeidelse.
Mer informasjon.
Lisensen forbyr bruk av effektive teknologiske tiltak, definert med referanse til artikkel 11 i WIPO-traktaten om opphavsrett og kapittel 6a åndsverkloven.
Mer informasjon.
De rettighetene som er gitt brukere under unntak og begrensninger i opphavsretten, for eksempel de som er gitt i åndsverkslovens bestemmelser om rimelig anvendelse (lånereglene), blir ikke berørt av CC-lisensene.
Mer informasjon.
Du må kanskje trenge flere tillatelser før du kan bruke materialet slik du har tenkt.
Mer informasjon.
Lær mer om CC-lisensiering, eller bruk lisensen for ditt eget materiale.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.nl
Dit document belicht enkele van de belangrijkste kenmerken en voorwaarden van de volledige licentie. Dit is geen licentie en heeft geen juridische waarde. We raden aan om alle voorwaarden van de volledige licentie te bestuderen voordat je het gelicenseerde materiaal gebruikt.
Creative Commons is geen advocatenkantoor en biedt geen juridische diensten aan. Het verspreiden, tentoonstellen of linken naar dit document of de volledige licentietekst creëert geen advocaat-klantrelatie of enige andere relatie.
Naamsvermelding — De gebruiker dient de maker van het werk te vermelden, een link naar de licentie te plaatsen en aan te geven of het werk veranderd is. Je mag dat op redelijke wijze doen, maar niet zodanig dat de indruk gewekt wordt dat de licentiegever instemt met je werk of je gebruik van het werk.
Vermeld de auteur van dit werk:
GelijkDelen — Als je het werk hebt geremixt, veranderd, of op het werk hebt voortgebouwd, moet je het veranderde materiaal verspreiden onder dezelfde licentie als het originele werk.
De regels die bij bemiddeling van toepassing zijn, worden vastgelegd in de auteursrechtvermelding bij het werk, of wanneer dit niet het geval is tijdens het verzoek voor bemiddeling. De UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules zijn van toepassing bij elke arbitrage, tenzij anders vastgelegd is in een auteursrechtvermelding bij het werk.
Meer informatie.
Wanneer beschikbaar is het verplicht om de naam van de maker en andere rechthebbenden, een auteursrechtenvermelding, de toepasselijke licentie, een disclaimer en een link naar het materiaal te vermelden. CC-licenties voor de 4.0 versie kunnen licht verschillende naamsvermeldingsvoorwaarden hebben.
Meer informatie.
In 4.0 moet je aangeven of je materiaal gewijzigd hebt en een vermelding van vorige versies bijhouden. In 3.0 en eerdere licentieversies is een indicatie van de veranderde elementen alleen noodzakelijk als je een afgeleid werk hebt gemaakt.
Markeringsgids.
Meer informatie.
Je mag ook een licentie gebruiken die als compatibel gemarkeerd is op deze lijst: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Meer informatie.
Onder commercieel gebruik wordt verstaan datgene wat in de eerste plaats gericht is op voor commercieel voordeel of geldelijke compensatie.
Meer informatie.
Het slechts wijzigen van een bestandsformaat van een werk resulteert nooit in een afgeleid werk.
Meer informatie.
De licentie staat niet toe dat er effectieve technologische voorzieningen ingezet worden, zoals gedefinieerd in artikel 11 van het WIPO Auteursrecht Verdrag.
Meer informatie.
De rechten die op grond van de beperkingen en uitzonderingen in de Auteurswet aan de gebruiker zijn verleend, zoals het citaatrecht, blijven onaangetast door de CC-licenties.
Meer informatie.
Het is mogelijk dat je additionele toestemming moet verkrijgen voordat je het werk kan gebruiken zoals je wilt.
Meer informatie.
Leer meer over CC licensering of gebruik de licentie voor je eigen werk.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode.nl
Creative Commons
HET WERK (ALS HIERONDER OMSCHREVEN) WORDT TER BESCHIKKING GESTELD OVEREENKOMSTIG DE VOORWAARDEN VAN DEZE CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIEKE LICENTIE ('CCPL' OF 'LICENTIE'). HET WERK WORDT BESCHERMD OP GROND VAN HET AUTEURSRECHT, NABURIGE RECHTEN, HET DATABANKENRECHT EN/OF ENIGE ANDERE TOEPASSELIJKE RECHTEN. MET UITZONDERING VAN HET IN DEZE LICENTIE OMSCHREVEN TOEGESTANE GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK IS ENIG ANDER GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK NIET TOEGESTAAN.
DOOR HET UITOEFENEN VAN DE IN DEZE LICENTIE VERLEENDE RECHTEN MET BETREKKING TOT HET WERK AANVAARDT EN GAAT DE GEBRUIKER AKKOORD MET DE VOORWAARDEN VAN DEZE LICENTIE, MET DIEN VERSTANDE DAT (DE INHOUD VAN) DEZE LICENTIE OP VOORHAND VOLDOENDE DUIDELIJK KENBAAR DIENT TE ZIJN VOOR DE ONTVANGER VAN HET WERK.
DE LICENTIEGEVER VERLEENT DE GEBRUIKER DE IN DEZE LICENTIE OMSCHREVEN RECHTEN MET INACHTNEMING VAN DE DESBETREFFENDE VOORWAARDEN.
1. Definities
2. Beperkingen van de uitsluitende rechten. Niets in deze Licentie strekt ertoe om de rechten te beperken die voortvloeien uit de beperkingen en uitputting van de uitsluitende rechten van de rechthebbende krachtens het auteursrecht, de naburige rechten, het databankenrecht of enige andere toepasselijke rechten.
3. Licentieverlening. Met inachtneming van de voorwaarden van deze Licentie verleent de Licentiegever hierbij aan de Gebruiker een wereldwijde, niet-exclusieve licentie om de navolgende rechten met betrekking tot het Werk vrij van royalty's uit te oefenen voor de duur van de toepasselijke intellectuele eigendomsrechten:
Volledigheidshalve dient te worden vermeld dat:
De Gebruiker mag deze rechten uitoefenen met behulp van alle thans bekende media, dragers en formats. De Gebruiker is tevens gerechtigd om technische wijzigingen aan te brengen die noodzakelijk zijn om de rechten met behulp van andere media, dragers en formats uit te oefenen. Alle niet uitdrukkelijk verleende rechten zijn hierbij voorbehouden aan de Licentiegever, met inbegrip van maar niet beperkt tot de rechten die in artikel 4(e) worden genoemd. Voor zover de Licentiegever op basis van het nationale recht ter implementatie van de Europese Databankenrichtlijn over uitsluitende rechten beschickt doet de Licentiegever afstand van deze rechten.
4. Beperkingen. De in artikel 3 verleende Licentie is uitdrukkelijk gebonden aan de volgende beperkingen:
5. Garantie en vrijwaring.
TENZIJ ANDERS SCHRIFTELIJK IS OVEREENGEKOMEN DOOR DE PARTIJEN, STELT DE LICENTIEGEVER HET WERK BESCHIKBAAR OP 'AS-IS' BASIS, ZONDER ENIGE GARANTIE, HETZIJ DIRECT, INDIRECT OF ANDERSZINS, MET BETREKKING TOT HET WERK, MET INBEGRIP VAN, MAAR NIET BEPERKT TOT GARANTIES MET BETREKKING TOT DE EIGENDOMSTITEL, DE VERKOOPBAARHEID, DE GESCHIKTHEID VOOR BEPAALDE DOELEINDEN, MOGELIJKE INBREUK, DE AFWEZIGHEID VAN LATENTE OF ANDERE TEKORTKOMINGEN, DE JUISTHEID OF DE AAN- OF AFWEZIGHEID VAN FOUTEN, ONGEACHT DE OPSPOORBAARHEID DAARVAN, INDIEN EN VOORZOVER DE WET NIET ANDERS BEPAALT.
6. Beperking van de aansprakelijkheid.
DE LICENTIEGEVER AANVAARDT GEEN ENKELE AANSPRAKELIJKHEID JEGENS DE GEBRUIKER VOOR ENIGE BIJZONDERE OF INCIDENTELE SCHADE OF GEVOLGSCHADE VOORTVLOEIEND UIT DEZE LICENTIE OF HET GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK, ZELFS NIET INDIEN DE LICENTIEGEVER OP DE HOOGTE IS GESTELD VAN HET RISICO VAN DERGELIJKE SCHADE, INDIEN EN VOORZOVER DE WET NIET ANDERS BEPAALT.
7. Beëindiging
8. Diversen
Creative Commons is geen partij bij deze Licentie en stelt geen enkele garantie met betrekking tot het Werk. Creative Commons kan op geen enkele wijze aansprakelijk worden gehouden jegens de Gebruiker of derden voor enigerlei schade met inbegrip van, maar niet beperkt tot enige algemene, bijzondere, incidentele of gevolgschade voortvloeiend uit deze Licentie. Onverminderd het bepaalde in de twee (2) voorgaande volzinnen is Creative Commons gebonden aan alle rechten en verplichtingen van de Licentiegever indien Creative Commons zichzelf uitdrukkelijk kenbaar gemaakt heeft als de Licentiegever krachtens deze Licentie.
Met uitzondering van het beperkte doel om iedereen erop te wijzen dat het Werk in licentie is gegeven krachtens de CCPL, geeft Creative Commons aan geen van de partijen toestemming om gebruik te maken van de merknaam 'Creative Commons', enige daarmee verband houdende merknamen dan wel het logo van Creative Commons gebruiken zonder de voorafgaande schriftelijke toestemming van Creative Commons. Het geoorloofde gebruik dient in overeenstemming te zijn met de alsdan geldende richtlijnen betreffende het gebruik van merknamen van Creative Commons zoals die bekend worden gemaakt op de website of anderszins van tijd tot tijd, desgevraagd, ter beschikking worden gesteld. Volledigheidshalve dient te worden vermeld dat deze merkrechtelijke beperking geen deel uitmaakt van de Licentie.
U kunt contact opnemen met Creative Commons via de website: https://creativecommons.org/.
« terug naar de Commons Deed


--URL: https://creativecommons.org
State of the Commons covers the impact and success of free and open content worldwide, and it contains the most revealing account we’ve ever published, including new data on what’s shared with a CC license. Check it out!
Donate $75 and receive a free CC t-shirt!
Shop for CC t-shirts, vinyl stickers, and buttons at the CC store.

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.hu
Ez az egyszerűsített változat a licenc néhány kulcsfontosságú részét emeli ki. Ez jogi szempontból nem számít szerződésnek és nincs kötelező ereje. A licenccel érintett mű használata előtt gondosan tanulmányozd a teljes licenc-szöveg tartalmát.
A Creative Commons nem ügyvédi iroda és nem végez jogi szolgáltatásokat. Ezen egyszerűsített szöveg vagy a teljes licenc terjesztése, bemutatása vagy arra való hivatkozás nem keletkeztet ügyvéd-kliens vagy bármilyen egyéb kapcsolatot.
Nevezd meg! — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Megjelölendő szerző:
Így add tovább! — Ha feldolgozod, átalakítod vagy gyűjteményes művet hozol létre a műből akkor a létrejött művet ugyanazon licencfeltételek mellett kell terjesztened mint az eredetit.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
További információk.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
További információk.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
További információk.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
További információk.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
További információk.
Nem keletkeztet származékos művet a formátum megváltoztatása.
További információk.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
További információk.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
További információk.
További engedélyekre lehet szükséged ahhoz hogy a művet céljaidra felhasználhasd.
További információk.
Tudj meg többet a CC licencelésről, vagy használd a licencet saját műveidhez.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.lt
Šis dokumentas išryškina tik keletą esminių pačios licencijos savybių ir sąlygų. Tai nėra licencija ir neturi jokios teisinės galios. Turėtumėte atidžiai peržiūrėti visas pačios licencijos sąlygas prieš naudodami licencijuotą turinį.
Creative Commons nėra advokatų kontora ir neteikia teisinių paslaugų. Platinimas, rodymas ar nuorodos davimas į teisinio dokumento tekstą ar jį apibendrinančią licenciją nereiškia advokato-kliento ar kokio kito santykio.
Priskyrimas — Privalote nurodyti autorystę, įdėti nuorodą į licenciją bei nurodyti, ar yra pakeitimų. Galite tai atlikti bet kokiu racionaliu būdu, bet jokiu būdu nesudarant įspūdžio, kad licencijuotojas palaiko jus ar kaip kūrinys naudojamas.
Priskirti šį kūrinį:
Analogiškas platinimas — Jei remiksuojate, perdirbate ar kuriate šios medžiagos pagrindu, privalote platinti savo įnašą su ta pačia licencija kaip ir originalo.
Taikytinos tarpininkavimo taisyklės bus numatytos autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, arba, tokio nesant, tarpininkavimo prašyme. Nebent būtų numatyta autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, UNCITRAL arbitražo taisyklės yra taikomos visiems arbitražo atvejams.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jei teikiama, privalote pateiti kūrėjų ir šalių vardus, autorių teisių pranešimą,atsakomybės apribojimą ir nuorodą į medžiagą. Su CC licencijomis iki 4.0 versijos taip pat privaloma pateikti medžiagos pavadinimą, jei yra, ir taip pat gali būti kitų nenidelių skirtumų.
Daugiau informacijos.
4.0 versijoje turite nurodyti, jei keitėte turinį, ir išsaugoti ankstesnių pakeitimų nuorodas. 3.0 ir ankstesnėse licencijos versijose pokyčius nurodyti reikia tik išvestiniams kūriniams.
Ženklinimo vadovas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Taip pat galite naudotis licencija, kuri nurodoma kaip suderinama čia: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daugiau informacijos.
Komercinis panaudojimas yra toks, kuris visų pirma skirtas komencinei naudai ar piniginei grąžai.
Daugiau informacijos.
Pakeitus tik formatą, išvestinis kūrinys niekad nėra nesukuriamas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Ši licencija draudžia veiksmingų technologinių priemonių, apibrėžtų atsižvelgiant į PINO autorių teisių sutarties 11 straipsnį, taikymą.
Daugiau informacijos.
Vartotojų teisės esant išimčių ir apribojimų, pavyzdžiui, sąžiningo naudojimo, nesikeičia dėl CC licencijų.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jums gali tekti gauti papildomų leidimų prieš naudojant medžiagą taip, kaip jūs ketinate.
Daugiau informacijos.
Sužinokite daugiau apie CC licencijas arba naudokite šią licenciją savo turiniui.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.lv
Šis akts apraksta tikai galvenās patiesās licences īpašības. Tas nav pati licence un tam nav juridiskas vērtības. Jums būtu uzmanīgi jāizskata patiesās licences terminus un noteikumus pirms licencēt ar to savus materiālus.
Radošā kopiena nav juridiska firma un nepiedāvā juridiskus pakalpojumus. Šī akta attēlošana, izplatīšana vai saite uz to neveido nekādas klienta-advokāta vai citas juridiskas attiecības.
Atsaucoties — Jums ir atbilstoši jāatsaucas uz darbu, norādot saiti uz licenci un jānorāda veiktās izmaiņas. Jūs varat to darīt dažādos saprātīgos veidos, bet noteikti ne tā, kas liktu domāt, ka licencētājs ir apstiprinājis jūsu darbu vai tajā veiktās izmaiņas.
Atzīmēt šo darbu:
Nemainot licenci — Ja jūs remiksējat, pārveidojat vai balstāties uz šo materiālu, jums ir jāizplata jaunais, atvasinātais darbs ar to pašu licenci kā šis darbs.
Publicētā darba autortiesību atrunās tiks pievienoti attiecīgi pielāgotas autortiesību atrunas. Ja nav norādīts citādi, darbam pievienotajās autortiesību atrunās, tiks izmantoti UNCITRAL arbitrācijas likumi.
Papildu informācija.
Ja pievieno, jums ir jānorāda autora nosaukums un atsaucēm izmantojamās personas, autortiesību un licences atrunas, un saite uz materiālu. CC licencēm pirms 4.0 versijas ir jānorāda arī darba nosaukums un ir arī citas nebūtiskas atšķirības.
Papildu informācija.
4.0 versijā jums ir jānorāda mainītais materiāls un jāsaglabā arī iepriekšējās izmaiņas. 3.0 un agrākās versijās izmaiņas ir jānorāda tikai tad, ja veidojat atvasinātu darbu.
Iezīmēšanas vednis.
Papildu informācija.
Jūs varat lietot arī citas savietojamas licences
Papildu informācija.
Ar komerciālām vajadzībām pamatā saprotam atlīdzību naudā vai kādu citu komerciālu ieguvumu.
Papildu informācija.
Saglabājot darbu citā formātā, tas nav uzskatāms par atvasinātu darbu.
Papildu informācija.
Licence aizliedz izmantot tehniskus ierobežojumus, kā tie ir norādīti 11. punktā WIPO autortiesību līgumā.
Papildu informācija.
CC licences neietekmē lietotāju tiesības un ierobežojumus izņēmumu gadījumos, piemēram, godīgās izmantošanas gadījumā.
Papildu informācija.
Jums var būt nepieciešama papildu atļauja, lai lietotu materiālu tā, kā to vēlaties.
Papildu informācija.
Uzziniet vairāk parr CC licencēšanu vai tās lietošanu jūsu materiāliem.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.it
Questo documento evidenzia alcune caratteristiche e termini chiave della licenza vera e propria. Non è una licenza e non ha valore legale. Prima di utilizzare il materiale dato in licenza dovresti leggere attentamente tutti i termini e le condizioni della licenza vera e propria.
L'associazione Creative Commons non è uno studio legale e non fornisce servizi di consulenza legale. Distribuire, pubblicare o collegare tramite link a questo documento o alla licenza che esso riassume non instaura un rapporto avvocato-cliente o di qualsivoglia altro tipo.
Attribuzione — Devi riconoscere una menzione di paternità adeguata, fornire un link alla licenza e indicare se sono state effettuate delle modifiche. Puoi fare ciò in qualsiasi maniera ragionevole possibile, ma non con modalità tali da suggerire che il licenziante avalli te o il tuo utilizzo del materiale.
Attribuisci quest'opera:
StessaLicenza — Se remixi, trasformi il materiale o ti basi su di esso, devi distribuire i tuoi contributi con la stessa licenza del materiale originario.
Le norme di mediazione applicabili saranno individuate nella nota di copyright pubblicata con l'opera o, in mancanza, nella richiesta di mediazione. Salvo sia convenuto altrimenti in una nota di copyright acclusa all'opera, le UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules si applicano a qualsiasi arbitrato.
Maggiori informazioni.
Se forniti, devi indicare il nome del creatore e delle altre parti designate a ricevere l'attribuzione di paternità, l'informativa sul diritto d'autore, l'informativa sulla licenza, l'informativa sull'esonero da responsabilità e un link al materiale. Le licenze CC antecedenti alla Versione 4.0 richiedono inoltre di indicare il titolo del materiale, se fornito, e possono presentare altre lievi differenze.
Maggiori informazioni.
La versione 4.0 delle licenze richiede che tu indichi se il materiale è stato modificato e mantenga un indicazione circa le modifiche antecedenti. La versione 3.0 e quelle precedenti richiedono l'indicazione dei cambiamenti solo nel caso in cui tu abbia creato un opera derivata.
Marking guide.
Maggiori informazioni.
Puoi anche adottare una licenza tra quelle elencate come compatibili all'indirizzo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Maggiori informazioni.
Un uso commerciale è quello prevalentemente inteso al perseguimento di un vantaggio commerciale o di un compenso monetario.
Maggiori informazioni.
Cambiare semplicemente il formato non crea mai un'opera derivata.
Maggiori informazioni.
La licenza proibisce l'applicazione di misure tecnologiche, come definite dall'articolo 11 del Trattato OMPI sul diritto d'autore.
Maggiori informazioni.
I diritti degli utenti derivanti da eccezioni o limitazioni al diritto d'autore, tra i quali "fair use" e "fair dealing", non sono pregiudicati dalle licenze CC.
Maggiori informazioni.
Potresti aver bisogno di autorizzazioni aggiuntive prima di utilizzare il materiale nei modi che ti sei prefisso.
Maggiori informazioni.
Scopri di più sul funzionamento delle licenze CC o utilizza questa licenza per il tuo materiale.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.id
Lisensi ini hanya mencantumkan ringkasan fitur penting dan ketentuan dari lisensi yang sebenarnya. Lisensi ini bukan lisensi yang sebenarnya dan tidak memiliki kekuatan hukum. Anda harus mengetahui seluruh ketentuan dan kondisi di dalam teks lisensi yang sebenarnya sebelum menggunakan materi berlisensi CC.
Creative Commons bukanlah suatu firma hukum dan tidak memberikan layanan hukum. Penyebarluasan, penggunaan, dan penautan kepada lisensi ini atau lisensi ringkas tidak menyebabkan munculnya suatu hubungan pengacara-klien atau hubungan lainnya.
Atribusi — Anda harus mencantumkan nama yang sesuai, mencantumkan tautan terhadap lisensi, dan menyatakan bahwa telah ada perubahan yang dilakukan. Anda dapat melakukan hal ini dengan cara yang sesuai, namun tidak mengisyaratkan bahwa pemberi lisensi mendukung Anda atau penggunaan Anda.
Atribusikan ciptaan ini:
BerbagiSerupa — Apabila Anda menggubah, mengubah, atau membuat turunan dari materi ini, Anda harus menyebarluaskan kontribusi Anda di bawah lisensi yang sama dengan materi asli.
Hukum acara mediasi yang berlaku akan dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, atau apabila tidak dicantumkan maka dinyatakan dalam permintaan mediasi. Apabila tidak dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, maka Hukum Acara Arbitrase UNCITRAL berlaku untuk setiap arbitrase.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Apabila tersedia, Anda harus mencantumkan nama pencipta dan pihak terkait, pemberitahuan hak cipta, pemberitahuan lisensi, sangkalan, dan tautan terhadap materi yang digunakan. Lisensi CC sebelum Versi 4.0 juga mengharuskan Anda untuk mencantumkan judul materi yang digunakan apabila tersedia, dan mungkin memiliki beberapa persyaratan yang berbeda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pada lisensi versi 4.0, Anda harus menyatakan apabila Anda mengubah materi yang digunakan dan mengindikasikan perubahan sebelumnya. Pada lisensi versi 3.0 dan sebelumnya, indikasi perubahan hanya diperlukan apabila Anda membuat ciptaan turunan.
Tanda panduan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda juga dapat menggunakan lisensi serupa yang tercantum pada https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Penggunaan komersial adalah penggunaan yang ditujukan untuk memperoleh keuntungan komersial atau kompensasi dalam bentuk uang.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Perubahan format ciptaan tidak berarti menghasilkan sebuah ciptaan turunan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Lisensi ini melarang penggunaan sarana kontrol teknologi, yang dimaksud dalam Pasal 11 Perjanjian Hak Cipta WIPO.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Hak para pengguna di bawah pengecualian dan pembatasan, seperti penggunaan wajar, tidak terpengaruh oleh lisensi CC.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda mungkin membutuhkan izin tambahan sebelum menggunakan materi ini sesuai tujuan Anda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pelajari lebih lanjut tentang penggunaan lisensi CC, atau gunakan lisensi ini untuk ciptaan Anda.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.hr
Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) naglašava samo neke ključne značajke i uvjete same licence. On sam nije licence i nema pravnu težinu. Stoga pažljivo trebate proći uvjete i odredbe same licence prije nego što koristite licencirani materijal.
Creative Commons nije odvjetnički ured i ne pruža pravne usluge. Distribuiranje, prikazivanje ili postavljanje linka na Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) ili samu licencu ne konstituira odnos pravnog zastupanja ili bilo kakav drugi odnos.
Imenovanje — Morate adekvatno navesti autora, uvrstiti link na licencu i naznačiti eventualne izmjene. Možete to učiniti na bilo koji razuman način, ali ne smijete sugerirati da davatelj licence izravno podupire Vas ili Vaše korištenje djela.
Navedite autora ovog djela:
Dijeli pod istim uvjetima — Ako remiksirate, mijenjate ili prerađujete materijal, Vaše prerade morate distribuirati pod istom licencom pod kojom je bio izvornik.
Važeća pravila mirenja mogu se odrediti u autorskopravnom upozorenju koje dolazi uz djelo. A ako ga nema, onda u zahtjevu za mirenjem. Ako nije drugačije naznačeno u autorskopravnom upozorenju, za svaku arbitražu važe UNCITRAL-ova Arbitracijska pravila.
Više informacija.
Ako je naznačeno, morate ponuditi ime autora i atribucijskih stranaka, obavijest o autorskim pravima, obavijest o licenci, obavijest o odricanju od odgovornosti i link s materijalima. Ranije verzije CC od verzije 4.0. licenci traže da navedete naslov materijala i imaju nešto drugačije atribucijske zahtjeve.
Više informacija.
U verziji 4.0 morate naznačiti ako ste sami mijenjali materija i zadržati naznaku prethodnih izmjena. U verziji 3.0 i ranijim verzijama, naznaka napravljene izmjene nužna je samo u slučajevima prerade djela.
Vodič za obilježavanje.
Više informacija.
Možete također koristiti licencu koja je navedena na adresi: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Više informacija.
Komercijalno iskorištavanje djela prije svega ide za stjecanjem komercijalne koristi ili novčane naknade.
Više informacija.
Samo promjena formata nikada ne stvara preradu.
Više informacija.
Licenca zabranjuje primjenu tehnoloških mjera kako su definirane u Članu 11. Ugovora o autorskom pravu Svjetske organizacije za intelektualno vlasništvo (WIPO).
Više informacija.
CC licence ne utječu na prava korisnika u okviru iznimki ili ograničenja autorskog prava.
Više informacija.
Možda morate dobiti dodatna dopuštenja prije no što smijete koristiti materijal na željeni način.
Više informacija.
Saznajte više o CC licencama ili dodajte licencu na vlastiti materijal.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.gl
Esta declaración realza soamente algunha das características clave e os termos da licenza actual. Non é unha licenza e non ten valor legal. Debería revisar coidadosamente todos os termos e condicións da licenza actual antes de utilizar o material licenciado.
Creative Commons non é unha empresa xurídica e non fornece servizos legais. A distribución, presentación ou vínculo con esta escritura ou coa licenza que a resume non crea unha relación de avogado-cliente nin ningunha outra.
Atribución — Debe dar o recoñecemento apropiado, fornecer un vínculo á licenza e indicar se se fixeron cambios. Pode facelo de calquera maneira razoábel pero non de maneira que poida suxerir que o licenciante o apoia a vostede ou o seu uso.
Atribuír esta obra a:
Compartir igual — Se vostede remestura, transforma ou recrea sobre o material, debe distribuír as súas colaboracións coa mesma licenza cá orixinal.
As regras de mediación aplicábeis serán designadas nas notas de dereitos de autor publicadas coa obra, ou cando non hai ningunha na solicitada para mediación. A menos que se designe doutra maneira, nunha nota sobre dereitos de autor anexa á obra, aplicaranse as normas UNCITRAL a calquera arbitraxe.
Máis info.
De saberse, debe fornecer o nome do creador e a atribución de partes, unha nota de dereitos de autor, unha nota sobre a licenza, unha nota de aviso legal e un vínculo ao material. As licenzas CC anteriores á versión 4.0 tamén requiren que forneza o título do material, de saberse e pode ter outras leves diferenzas.
Máis info.
En 4.0, debe indicar se modifica o material e retén unha indicación das modificacións previas. Na versión 3.0 e anteriores da licenza, a indicación de cambios soamente se require se creas unha obra derivada.
Guía de marcado.
Máis info.
Tamén pode utilizar unha licenza listada como compatíbel en https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Máis info.
Unha utilización comercial é aquela que ten como propósito primario obter unha vantaxe comercial ou unha compensación económica.
Máis info.
Por simplemente cambiar o formato non se crea unha obra derivada.
Máis info.
A licenza prohibe a aplicación de medidas tecnolóxicas efectivas, segundo se derine no artigo 11 do Acordo de dereitos de autor WIPO.
Máis info.
Os dereitos dos usuarios con excepcións e limitacións, tales como o uso legal e o comercio legal non se ven afectados polas licenzas CC.
Máis info.
Pode necesitar obter permisos adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Máis info.
Aprender máis sobre o licenciamento CC utilización da licenza para o seu propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.fr
Ce résumé n'indique que certaines des dispositions clé de la licence. Ce n'est pas une licence, il n'a pas de valeur juridique. Vous devez lire attentivement tous les termes et conditions de la licence avant d'utiliser le matériel licencié.
Creative Commons n'est pas un cabinet d'avocat et n'est pas un service de conseil juridique. Distribuer, afficher et faire un lien vers le résumé ou la licence ne constitue pas une relation client-avocat ou tout autre type de relation entre vous et Creative Commons.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribuer cette œuvre :
Partage dans les Mêmes Conditions — Dans le cas où vous effectuez un remix, que vous transformez, ou créez à partir du matériel composant l'Oeuvre originale, vous devez diffuser l'Oeuvre modifiée dans les même conditions, c'est à dire avec la même licence avec laquelle l'Oeuvre originale a été diffusée.
Les règles de médiation applicables seront déterminées par la notice explicative publiée avec l'Oeuvre concernant les droits d'auteurs. En cas d'absence de notice, on se réfèrera à la notice présente dans le formulaire de demande de médiation. Les règles de l'UNCITRAL Arbitration seront appliqués en cas d'absence de notice explicative accompagnant l'oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Plus d'informations. .
Avec la version 4.0, vous devez indiquer si vous avez modifié le matériel et conserver les indications sur les modifications précédentes. Dans les versions précédentes dont la 3.0, il fallait simplement indiquer les changements si vous faisiez une oeuvre dérivée.
Guide pour attribuer une licence à votre Oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
Vous pouvez aussi utiliser une licence listée comme étant compatible sur at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Plus d'informations. .
Une utilisation commerciale est une utilisation qui est prioritairement destinée à susciter un avantage commercial ou une compensation financière.
Plus d'informations. .
Le fait de modifier uniquement le format d'une Oeuvre ne constitue pas une modification et ne donne pas lieu à une oeuvre dérivée.
Plus d'informations. .
La licence interdit d'appliquer des mesures effectives de protection techniques au sens de l'article 11 du traité de l'OMPI sur le droit d'auteur de 1996.
Plus d'informations. .
Les droits des utilisateurs au titre des exceptions et limitations - fair use et fair dealing aux Etats-Unis et en Grande-Bretagne -- ne sont pas affectés par les licences CC.
Plus d'informations. .
Il se peut que vous deviez obtenir des autorisations supplémentaires avant d'utiliser le matériel de la façon dont vous le souhaitez.
Plus d'informations. .
Plus d'informations à propos des licences CC, ou sur commentutilisez la licence pour votre propre matériel.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.eo
Ĉi tiu dokumento emfazas nur iujn el la ĉefaj ecoj kaj nocioj de la efektiva permesilo. Ĝi ne estas permesilo kaj havas nenian juran valoron. Estas rekomendinde atenteme pripensi ĉiujn el la nocioj kaj kondiĉoj de la efektiva permesilo antaŭ uzo de la disponebligita materialo.
La organizaĵo Krea Komunaĵo nek estas advokata firmao nek provizas jurajn servojn. Distribuado, aperigado aŭ ligado al ĉi tiu dokumento aŭ permesilo, kiun ĝi resumas, kreas nek rilaton de juristo kaj kliento nek ajnan alian.
Atribuite — Vi devas la verkon adekvate atribui, provizi ligilon al la permesilo kaj indiki, se estas faritaj modifoj. Vi rajtas tion fari en iu ajn racia maniero, sed ne en kielo supoziganta, ke la permesinto subtenas vin aŭ vian uzon.
Atribui la verkon:
Samkondiĉe — Se vi la materialon aliigas, transformas aŭ kreas ties devenaĵojn, vi devas distribui viajn kontribuaĵojn laŭ la sama permesilo laŭ kiu disponeblas la originaĵo.
La aplikeblaj mediaciaj reguloj estos difinitaj en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, publikigata kun la verko, aŭ se tiu ne ekzistos, en la peto pri mediacio. Se en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, almetita al la verko, ne estos difinita aliaĵo, la Arbitraciaj Reguloj UNCITRAL validos por ĉiu ajn arbitracio.
Pli da informoj.
Vi devas provizi la nomojn de la kreinto kaj atribuendaj partioj, aŭtorrajtan kaj permesilan atentigojn, malgarantiilon kaj ligilon al la materialo, se ili estas liveritaj. La versioj de la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo antaŭ 4.0 ankaŭ postulas provizi titolon de la materialo, se ĝi estas liverata, kaj povas havi aliajn etajn malsamojn.
Pli da informoj.
En 4.0 vi devas indiki, ĉu vi modifis la materialon, kaj konservi indikaĵojn pri antaŭaj modifoj. En 3.0 kaj pli fruaj versioj de permesiloj estas postulata indiko pri modifoj nur se vi kreas devenaĵon.
Gvidilo pri markado.
Pli da informoj.
Vi rajtas uzi ankaŭ permesilon, indikitan kiel kongrua sur la paĝo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Pli da informoj.
Komerca uzo estas intencata unuavice por komerca avantaĝo aŭ mona kompenso.
Pli da informoj.
Nura ŝanĝo de la dosierformo neniam kreas devenaĵon.
Pli da informoj.
La permesilo malrajtigas onin apliki efikajn teĥnologiajn rimedojn, difinitajn kun referenco al la Artikolo 11 en la Aŭtorrajta Traktato de la Monda Organizaĵo de Intelekta Propraĵo.
Pli da informoj.
La rajtoj de uzantoj laŭ esceptoj kaj limigoj, kiel justaj uzo kaj trakto, ne estas influitaj per la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo.
Pli da informoj.
Vi eble bezonos akiri kromajn rajtigojn antaŭ uzo de la materialo laŭ via intenco.
Pli da informoj.
Eksciu pli pri disponebligado laŭ la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo aŭ uzu la permesilon por via propra materialo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribute this work:
ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.de
Diese Deed beschreibt nur einige der zentralen Eigenschaften und Klauseln der eigentlichen Lizenz. Die Deed selbst ist keine Lizenz und hat keine rechtliche Bedeutung. Sie sollten alle Klauseln und Bedingungen der eigentlichen Lizenz aufmerksam lesen, bevor Sie das lizenzierte Material nutzen.
Creative Commons ist keine Anwaltskanzlei und bietet keinerlei Rechtsdienstleistungen an. Verbreitung, Anzeigen oder Verlinken dieser Deed oder der Lizenz, die sie zusammenfasst, erzeugt keine Mandats- oder sonstige Beziehung.
Namensnennung — Sie müssen angemessene Urheber- und Rechteangaben machen, einen Link zur Lizenz beifügen und angeben, ob Änderungen vorgenommen wurden. Diese Angaben dürfen in jeder angemessenen Art und Weise gemacht werden, allerdings nicht so, dass der Eindruck entsteht, der Lizenzgeber unterstütze gerade Sie oder Ihre Nutzung besonders.
Dieses Werk jemandem zuschreiben:
Weitergabe unter gleichen Bedingungen — Wenn Sie das Material remixen, verändern oder anderweitig direkt darauf aufbauen, dürfen Sie Ihre Beiträge nur unter derselben Lizenz wie das Original verbreiten.
Die anzuwendenden Mediationsregeln werden im Rechtehinweis genannt, der dem Werk beigefügt ist, oder ohne einen solchen Hinweis in der Mediationsaufforderung. Falls in einem Rechtehinweis zum Werk nicht anders festgelegt, gelten die UNCITRAL Schiedsgerichtssregeln für jedwedes Schiedsverfahren.
Weitere Informationen.
Soweit mitgeteilt, müssen Sie die Namen der Urhebers und Zuschreibungsempfänger, einen Rechtevermerk, einen Lizenzvermerk, einen Haftungsausschluss und einen Link zum Material angeben. Die Versionen der CC-Lizenzen vor Version 4.0 fordern außerdem, dass Sie den Titel des Materials angeben, sofern er Ihnen mitgeteilt wurde, und können auch andere geringfügige Abweichungen enthalten.
Weitere Informationen.
Gemäß Version 4.0 müssen sie angeben, ob Sie das Material verändert haben, und müssen Angaben zu davor bereits vorgenommenen Änderungen bestehen lassen. Gemäß Version 3.0 und früherer Lizenzversionen ist die Angabe von Veränderungen nur dann verpflichtend, wenn Sie eine Abwandlung erstellen.
Hinweise zur richtigen Kennzeichnung.
Weitere Informationen.
Sie können alternativ auch eine der unter https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses als kompatibel aufgelisteten Lizenzen verwenden
Weitere Informationen.
Kommerziell ist eine Nutzung dann, wenn sie in erster Linie auf kommerziell relevante Vorteile oder auf eine Vergütung abzielt.
Weitere Informationen.
Bloße Veränderungen des Formats gelten für sich genommen nie als Bearbeitungen.
Weitere Informationen.
Die Lizenz untersagt den Einsatz wirksamer technischer Schutzmaßnahmen, definiert mit Rückgriff auf Artikel 11 des WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Weitere Informationen.
Freiheiten, die Nutzer gemäß Schranken und Ausnahmen des Urheberrechts haben, etwa Rechte des Fair Use oder das Zitatrecht, werden durch CC-Lizenzen nicht berührt.
Weitere Informationen.
Für die von Ihnen gewünschte Nutzung des Materials kann es erforderlich sein, dass Sie weitere Erlaubnisse einholen.
Weitere Informationen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über CC-Lizenzierungen oder verwenden Sie diese Lizenz für Ihr eigenes Material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.da
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Navngivelse — Du skal give passende kreditering, lave et link til licensen, og fortælle om eventuelle forandringer af værket. Det må du gøre på enhver fornuftig måde, men ikke tage hensyn til om licensholderen kan godkende din anvendelse.
Kildeangiv dette arbejde:
DelPåSammeVilkår — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mere info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mere info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
Mere info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mere info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
Mere info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
Mere info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mere info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mere info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mere info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.ca
Aquest resum destaca només alguns termes i les principals característiques de la llicència real. No és una llicència i no té cap valor legal. Hauríeu de revisar atentament tots els termes i les condicions de la llicència real abans d'utilitzar el material que s'hi troba subjecte.
Creative Commons no és un bufet d'advocats i no proporciona cap servei jurídic. La distribució, la comunicació o l'enllaç a aquest resum o la llicència aquí resumida no crea cap vincle advocat-client ni cap altre tipus de relació.
Reconeixement — Heu de reconèixer l'autoria de manera apropiada, proporcionar un enllaç a la llicència i indicar si heu fet algun canvi. Podeu fer-ho de qualsevol manera raonable, però no d'una manera que suggereixi que el llicenciador us dóna suport o patrocina l'ús que en feu.
Reconegueu l'autoria d'aquesta obra a:
CompartirIgual — Si remescleu, transformeu o creeu a partir del material, heu de difondre les vostres creacions amb la mateixa llicència que l'obra original.
Les regles de mediació aplicables seran designades en l'avís de de drets d'autor publicat amb l'obra, o si no hi consten llavors en la sol·licitud de mediació. Llevat que s'indiqui una altra cosa en un avís de drets d'autor adjunt a l'obra, s'aplicarà el Reglament d'arbitratge de la CNUDMI en qualsevol arbitratge.
Més informació.
En el cas que us hagi estat facilitat, caldrà indicar el nom de l'autor i el d'aquelles parts a qui calgui reconèixer, una notificació de drets d'autor, una notificació de llicència, una notificació d'exempció de responsabilitat i l'enllaç al material. Aquelles llicències Creative Commons anteriors a les versions 4.0 podran requerir a més a més, el títol del material en qüestió quan aquest hagi estat proporcionat, així com evidenciar altres lleus variants.
Més informació.
En la versió 4.0 de les llicències, heu d'indicar si heu modificat el material i conservar una indicació de les modificacions prèvies. En la versió 3.0, i en versions anteriors, només cal indicar els canvis si heu creat una obra derivada.
Guia de marcatge.
Més informació.
També podeu utilitzar una llicència compatible de la llista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Més informació.
Un ús comercial és un ús destinat principalment a obtenir avantatges comercials o compensacions monetàries.
Més informació.
Un simple canvi de format no crea una obra derivada.
Més informació.
La llicència prohibeix l'aplicació de mesures tecnològiques efectives, definides d'acord amb l'article 11 del Tractat de l'OMPI sobre Drets d'Autor.
Més informació.
Els drets dels usuaris subjectes a les limitacions i excepcions, com per excepte l'ús just o el tracte just, no queden afectats per les llicències CC.
Més informació.
Potser cal que obtingueu permisos addicionals abans d'utilitzar el material per l'ús que en vulgueu fer.
Més informació.
Aprengueu més sobre l'ús de les llicències CC, o utilitzeu-les en el vostre propi material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.es_ES
Este resumen pone de relieve sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia real antes de utilizar el material sujeto a la licencia.
Creative Commons no es un despacho de abogados y no proporciona servicios jurídicos. La distribución, la comunicación o el enlace a este resumen de la licencia no crea un vínculo abogado-cliente ni cualquier otro tipo de relación.
Reconocimiento — Debe reconocer adecuadamente la autoría, proporcionar un enlace a la licencia e indicar si se han realizado cambios<. Puede hacerlo de cualquier manera razonable, pero no de una manera que sugiera que tiene el apoyo del licenciador o lo recibe por el uso que hace.
Para esta obra, reconozca a
CompartirIgual — Si remezcla, transforma o crea a partir del material, deberá difundir sus contribuciones bajo la misma licencia que el original.
Las reglas de mediación aplicables serán designadas en el aviso de derechos de autor publicado con la obra, o, si no existiera, en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto a la obra, se aplicará el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la CNUDMI en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
Si se facilitan, debe proporcionar el nombre del creador y las partes a reconocer, un aviso de derechos de explotación, un aviso de la licencia, una nota de descargo de responsabilidad y un enlace al material. Las licencias CC anteriores a la versión 4.0 también requieren que facilite el título del material, si le ha sido facilitado, y pueden tener algunas otras pequeñas diferencias.
Más información.
En la versión 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En la versión 3.0 y las versiones anteriores de las licencias, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
Guía para el marcaje.
Más información.
También puede utilizar una licencia compatible de la lista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
El uso comercial es un uso destinado principalmente a obtener una ventaja comercial o una compensación monetaria.
Más información.
Cambiar simplemente el formato nunca genera una obra derivada
Más información.
La licencia prohíbe la aplicación de medidas tecnológicas efectivas, según la definición del artículo 11 del Tratado de Derecho de Autor de la OMPI.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios bajo los límites o las excepciones, como el uso justo o el trato justo, no quedan afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Puede necesitar una autorización adicional antes de utilizar el material como desea.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre las licencias CC o utilice la licencia para su propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.es
Este resumen destaca sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Usted debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia actual antes de usar el material licenciado.
Creative Commons no es un bufete de abogados y no ofrece servicios legales. Distribuir, exhibir, o enlazar a este resumen o la licencia que se resume, no crea una relación abogado-cliente ni de cualquier otro tipo.
Atribución — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Para esta obra, atribuir a:
CompartirIgual — Si usted mezcla, transforma o crea nuevo material a partir de esta obra, usted podrá distribuir su contribución siempre que utilice lamisma licencia que la obra original.
Las reglas de mediación correspondientes, se indicarán en el aviso de de derechos de autor publicadas con la obra, o en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto al trabajo, el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la Comisión de las Naciones Unidas para el Derecho Mercantil Internacional (CNUDMI) se aplica en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Más información.
En 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En 3.0 y versiones anteriores a la licencia, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
guía de marcado.
Más información.
Usted además puede utilizar una licencia que aparezca como compatible enhttps://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
Un uso comercial es aquel que pretende principalmente obtener ventaja comercial o compensación monetaria.
Más información.
El simple hecho de cambiar el formato no genera una obra derivada.
Más información.
La licencia prohibe la aplicación efectiva de medidas tecnológicas, definidas de acuerdo al Artículo 11 del Tratado OMPI de derecho de autor.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios en virtud de las excepciones y limitaciones, como el uso justo y legítimo, no se ven afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Usted puede necesitar permisos adicionales antes de usar el material como lo había previsto.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre el licenciamiento con CC outilice una licencia CC para su material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode
Creative Commons
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
1. Definitions
2. Fair Dealing Rights. Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
For the avoidance of doubt:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
4. Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. Termination
8. Miscellaneous
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.
Creative Commons may be contacted at https://creativecommons.org/.
« Back to Commons Deed


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CC-BY-SA-3.0%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC
您可自由：
惟须遵守下列條件：
且认识到：
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.

--URL: http://wuu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CC-BY-SA-3.0%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC
你可自由：
惟须遵守下列条件：
且认识到：
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT ​​AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
EXCEPT ​​TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.

--URL: http://wuu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E6%9C%89%E5%85%B3



维基百科老早成立得嘞，伊是新百科全书个分支,一个已经免费的百科全书项目。有一个花心思来设计个新系统个同行评审,伊要素质高个贡献个人,但写的文章是毛慢个。啦哈2000年,创始人Jimmy Wales看来,拉里·桑格,威尔士人已经啦哈这个工程上工作得嘞,讨论了新方法的补充搭一个更加开放个、互补个项目。木牢牢多个消息来源窝,维基可能让公众变成料儿,而新百科个第一个wiki建起来的（啦哈2001年1月10号)。
ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License >(cc通过sa)和GNU自由文档许可证< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:文本的GNU自由文档许可证>(GFDL)(unversioned,没有不变的部分,封面封底文字短信)。 一些文本已进口只有在cc通过sa和cc的sa兼容许可和不能被重用在GFDL;这样的文本识别无论是在页脚,在页的历史或在讨论页的文章,利用文本。每一个图片描述页面显示许可下发布,或者如果它是自由的,它的基本原理是使用下。 贡献他们的创造者的保持财产,而cc通过sa和GFDL许可确保内容是自由分发的和可再生的。(见版权注意< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:版权>和内容免责声明< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:内容免责声明>更多信息。)
• WUU(吴语/吳語) 侬会得讲吴语弗？吴语是汉语族里向个一种闲话，也是历史交关悠久个一种闲话。讲吴语个人分布来江苏南部、浙江大部分，整个上海，安徽南部搭福建、江西少部分场许。通行吴语个县市有110个横里，人口8000万(2004年)光景，来拉汉语族语言里向排名第二，来拉世界浪排名第十。大家来帮衬帮衬，一淘编写吴语维基百科，积累吴语文本资料。
联系一个人维基百科个编辑 联系侬个贡献者戏客,啦哈他们个对话页里向讨论问题、谈空天< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Talk_page>。 特为要寻标准问题回答个地方：问政策同道项目相关个问题是“乡村之泵”< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Village_pump>,在线个维基百科邮件家生< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Mailing_lists>,啦哈“电子邮件”里向。 要达到另外维基百科<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Wikipedians>；通过IRC去： < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:IRC_channels>同道电子邮件用户个电子信箱< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Emailing_users>。 另外,维基媒体基金会< http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/ >元维基是一个总站，伊会的自家协调各种卖相个维基百科项目搭伊个姊妹项目（搭伊个"投票表决"政策同道伊个方向)。侬阿可以啦哈举个地方提交个bug（“有关各得个漏洞报告”）搭侬个特性化意见个话语到<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Bug_reports_and_feature_requests>。 里向列出了完全个“点击选择区域”,侬可去“维基百科:同侬提条意见”< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contact_us>。高头就是所有个好用滴数据信息，侬可试试看哉！
该面搭是吴语维基百科。2006年10月1号开始仔，该歇亨白浪当已经有仔3,535篇文章哉。除此之外，还有别样闲话个维基百科版本，当中规模顶顶大个列来下底：
所有闲话维基百科列表 · 多闲话协调 · 发起一只新个维基百科

维基百科通过非盈利性组织维基媒体基金会运作。维基媒体基金会还有仔别他开放内容个维基计划：

--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:N%C3%B3i_v%E1%BB%81
— Jimmy Wales, người sáng lập Wikipedia
Wikipedia là một bách khoa toàn thư tự do, là kết quả của sự cộng tác của chính những người đọc từ khắp nơi trên thế giới. Trang mạng này có tính chất wiki, có nghĩa là tất cả mọi người đều có thể sửa đổi ở bất cứ trang nào bằng cách bấm vào các liên kết “sửa đổi”, hoặc “Sửa đổi trang này”, có ở hầu hết các trang, ngoại trừ các cá nhân bị tước quyền sửa đổi và những trang bị khóa.
Để biết thêm thông tin, giới báo chí có thể liên lạc với Quỹ Wikimedia.
Wikipedia chính thức bắt đầu vào ngày 15 tháng 1 năm 2001 nhờ hai người sáng lập Jimmy Wales và Larry Sanger cùng với vài người cộng tác nhiệt thành và chỉ có phiên bản tiếng Anh. Chỉ hơn ba năm sau, vào tháng 3 năm 2004, đã có 6.000 người đóng góp tích cực cho 600.000 bài viết với 50 thứ tiếng. Cho đến hôm nay đã có hơn 4.300.000 bài viết ở riêng phiên bản tiếng Anh, hơn 30.000.000 bài viết ở tất cả phiên bản ngôn ngữ. Mỗi ngày hàng trăm nghìn người ghé thăm từ khắp nơi để thực hiện hàng chục nghìn sửa đổi cũng như bắt đầu nhiều bài viết mới.
Wikipedia tiếng Việt được thành lập vào tháng 10 năm 2003. Hiện nay đã có 1.131.942 bài viết bằng tiếng Việt. Đó là một con số khiêm nhường, chưa thực sự đầy đủ. Xin các bạn giúp đỡ chúng tôi trong việc xây dựng này!
Mọi bài viết trong Wikipedia, và phần lớn các hình ảnh cũng như những tài liệu dưới các hình thức khác, đều được phân phối theo Giấy phép Creative Commons Ghi công–Chia sẻ tương tự phiên bản 3.0 (CC-BY-SA-3.0). Các bản đóng góp vẫn thuộc quyền sở hữu của những người tạo ra chúng. Xem thông cáo về bản quyền của tác giả và lời từ chối trách nhiệm về nội dung để biết thêm chi tiết.
"Wikipedia" là nhãn hiệu đăng ký ở Hoa Kỳ, Liên minh châu Âu, Nhật Bản, và áp dụng khắp thế giới theo Hệ thống Madrid. Biểu trưng "quả bóng ghép chữ" dưới bản quyền của Quỹ Hỗ trợ Wikimedia.
Nếu đây là lần đầu bạn đến với Wikipedia, mời bạn đọc trước trang chào mừng người mới đến. Nếu bạn là nhà báo, mời đọc Tài liệu để nhà báo tham khảo.

Wikipedia trực thuộc Quỹ Hỗ trợ Wikimedia, một tổ chức phi lợi nhuận đã đăng ký tại tiểu bang Florida, Hoa Kỳ, cho phép trừ thuế những khoản đóng góp. Wikimedia cũng đồng thời điều hành vài dự án wiki khác.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.vi
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Ghi nhận công của tác giả — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Ghi công tác phẩm này
ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://yi.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D7%B0%D7%99%D7%A7%D7%99%D7%A4%D6%BC%D7%A2%D7%93%D7%99%D7%A2:%D7%90%D7%99%D7%91%D7%A2%D7%A8

די ײִדישע װיקיפּעדיע איז די וויקיפעדיע אויף דער יידישער שפראך ווערסיע.
זי איז אזא סארט עלעקטראניש ענציקלאפעדיע וועבזייטל וואס אלע יידיש רעדערס פון דער גארער וועלט, זענען ערמעגליכט, באויפטראגט און געלאדענט, דאס פרייערהייט און אפנערהייט, צוגלייך פאר יעדן אייניג, שרייבן און רעדאגירן אויפן אינטערנעץ, - אלס וואלונטירן אן באצאלט קיין געלט אדער אנדערע טובת הנאה.
זי איז געגרינדעט געווארן כ' אדר ה'תשס"ד (13טן מערץ 2004),[1] היינט צוטאג אנטהאלט זי 12,543 ארטיקלען.


אלע שפראכן וויקיפעדיעס, איבער 260 אין צאל, זענען איין גרויסער פילשפראכיגער פרייער ענציקלאפעדיע פראיעקט אונטער דעם בעלות פון די נישט-פאר-פראפיט וויקימעדיע פונדאציע הויפטקווארטירט אין פלארידע, געגרינדעט דורך זשימי וועילס.
די וויקימעדיע פונדאציע איז אזא סארט וואולטעטיגע ארגאניזאציע וואס האט אויף זיך געלייגט דעם ציל צו ברענגען דעת און וויסנשאפט צו יעדן מענטש אויף דער וועלט פריי אן אפצאל, דורך דעם וואס זיי שענקען צו יעדן אייניק די בעלות צו זאגן וואס איז אמת.
דאס ווערט דורכגעפירט דורך אויסנוצן דעם מאדערנעם וויקי ווייכווארג פאלטפארמע; וואס לאזט יעדן איינעם ענדערן אייניק און מיט קאנצענזוס צוזאמען אויף אמאל יעדען ענין. אזוי ארום האט די פאנדוציע אוועקגעשטעלט אן ענציקלאפעדיע אין כמעט יעדער שפראך אויף דער וועלט, אין פארעם פון וויקיפעדיעס.
נישט בלויז ענציקלאפעדיעס נאר אויך פרייע ווערטערביכער, אין יעדער שפראך, אין פארעם פון וויקיווערטערבוך. און אזוי ווייטער בילדער און ביכער זאמעלונגען און נאך פילע פראיעקטן וואס באפרייט דער מענטשליכער וויסנשאפט פארן יעדן מענטש אייניק.
די פונדאציע גיט זיך בעיקר אפ אין די טעכנישע אינציאטיוו און גרינדונג פון די פראיעקטן, אבער נישט אין איר ווערטשאפט, ווי צום ביישפיל טוט זי בלויז אויפהאלטן אירע סערווערס, דורך פאנדרעיזינג, וואס קאסט אפ שווערע מיליאנען א יאר. אבער זיי קענען אבסאלוט גארנישט אריין רעדן בנוגע די אינהאלט פון די דאזיגע פראיעקטן, נאר לאזן די וואלענטורן שאפן קאנצענזוס איבער יעדעס ענין וויאזוי און וואס פונקטליך עס זאל דאקומענטירט ווערן און וויאזוי עס זאל ווערן אויסגעשטעלט דאס ווייכווארג און די דעזיין דערפאר.
עס איז אזוי אויסגעשטעלט אז אלץ וואס מען שרייבט ווערט אויטאמאטיש באפרייט פאר יעדן צו קאפירן און זיך באנוצן אן רשות פארן אייגענעם געברויך פון דער גאנצער וועלט, דעריבער קען מען נישט דארטן קאפירן גארנישט וואס האט עפעס קאפירעכטן.
די יידישע וויקיפעדיע איז אויסגעשטעלט אויפן האר, און פירט זיך גענוי, ווי א יעדע אנדערע וויקיפעדיע.[2]
דאס ווארט וויקיפעדיע איז א צוזאמשמלעץ פון צוויי ווערטער, וויקי נאכן ווייכווארג אויף וואס דער וועבארט לויפט, אין לשון פון שנעל אויף האוואישער שפראך, און פעדיע (פון ענציקלא-פעדיע) וואס מיינט אין לאטייניש, ארומענעמדיג אלעס.[3]
עס איז אויסגעשטלעט אין א היאראכיע פון מענטשען וואס קיינער קען נישט געוועלטיגען איבער דעם אנדערןס דעה נאר אלעס ווערט געטאן דורך קאנסענסוס.[4]
עס זענען פארהאן סיסאפן (א פארקירצונג פון צוויי ווערטער סיסטעם אפערירער) וואס ווערן ערוויילט דורך דער קהילה[5] צו אינפארסירן די קאנסענסוס שאפונג דורך צייטווייליג אפשפארן יעדע ענין וואס איז אין מחלוקת און א שטער פארן כלליתדיגן בוי פון וויקיפעדיע[6].
גארנישט און קיינער ווערט צענזורירט,[7] נאר בלויז אויף די צייט ביזווילאנג קאנסענסוס ווערט געשאפן, קען דאס ווערן צענזורירט נישט קיין סעקונדע שפעטער וואס מען שליכט דאס.[8]
אויך זענען פארהאן באנוצער אויף העכערע שטאפל פון כוח, ווי די ביראקראט וואס מאכט די סיסאפן[9], און די סטוארטס, וואס איז נאך העכער, ער פאסט אויף אז די באנוצער זאלן זיך טאקע באגיין לויטן סיסטעם[10].

יעדער איינער קען ביישטייערן צו וויקיפעדיע מיט א קליק אויפן רעדאַקטירן טאַב אין אן ארטיקל. איידער איר הייבט אן בייצושטייערן איז כדאי איבערצוקוקן עטלעכע האנטיקע געצייג ווי די לעקציע אן די פאליסיס און אנווייזונגען, ווי אויך דעם ברוך-הבא בלאט.
אסאך ארטיקלען הייבן אן אלס שטומף ארטיקלען, אבער, נאך פילע ביישטייערונגען, קענען זיי ווערן אפילו רעקאמענדירטע ארטיקלען.
טאמער איר ווערט געוואויר אז וויקיפעדיע האט נישט קיין ארטיקל אויף א טעמע וואס אינטערעסירט אייך, מעגט איר בעטן מ'זאל שרייבן דעם ארטיקל (אדער איר קענט פארשן די טעמע און שרייבן דעם ארטיקל אליין).

--URL: http://yi.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D7%B0%D7%99%D7%A7%D7%99%D7%A4%D6%BC%D7%A2%D7%93%D7%99%D7%A2:%D7%A4%D7%A8%D7%99%D7%95%D7%95%D7%90%D7%98%D7%A7%D7%99%D7%99%D7%98_%D7%A4%D7%90%D7%9C%D7%99%D7%A1%D7%99
אלע פראיעקטן פון דער וויקימעדיע פונדאציע ווערן אנטוויקלט צוזאמען דורך אירע באניצער ניצנדיק דאס מעדיעוויקי ווייכווארג. יעדער איינער מיט צוטריט צו דער אינטערנעץ (און וואס מען האט אים נישט אנדערשט באגרענעצט פון טון דאס) קען רעדאקטירן די רעדאקטבארע בלעטער פון די וועבזייטלעך מיט אדער אן זיך אריינלאגירן ווי אן איינגעשריבענער באניצער.
די פריוואַטקייט פאליסי איז א פארזיכערונג צוזאג און פאליסי פון אלע באניצער דא און אויך פון דער וויקימעדיע פונדאציע, וויאזוי זיי פארפליכטן זיך צו היטן אויף דער פריוואטקייט פון אלע וויקיפעדיע און אנדערע וויקי'ס באניצער און אינפארמאציע.
דאס הייסט אז מען טאר נישט באשרייבן קיין פריוואטע מענטשן סתם אזוי נאר בלויז אויב זיי שטימען אין דעם גדר פון מערקווערדיקייט און וויאזוי מען באשרייבט ביאגראפיעס פון לעבעדיגע פערזענליכקייטן.
די פאליסי דא אין דער יידישער וויקיפעדיע איז נישט שטרענגער מיט קיין איין פרט פון אנדערע וויקיפעדיעס. אין אלע וויקיס באהאנדלט מען דעם שטרענגסטן אונזער אידענטיטעט פון די באנוצער פון אלע וויקיפעדיעס, אבער נאכדערצו ביי אידן וואס רוב זענען דא פרומע באנוצער וואס זייערע רבנים לאזן זיי נישט שרייבן אויפן אינטערנעט און זייער אויפדעקונג איז א שטער פאר דער יידישער וויקיפעדיע.
מודעה: אלס וואס איר ביישטייערט צו א פראיעקט פון וויקימעדיע ווערט פארעפנטליכט בפרהסיא. וואס נאר איר שרייבט ווערט געהאלטן אויף אייביג. דאס איז כולל ארטיקלען, באניצער בלעטער און רעדן בלעטער.


אויפצודעקן די אידענטיטעט אדער סיי וואסארא אנדערע פריוואטקייט פון אן אנדער באנוצער אן רשות אים צו פערזענליך אטאקירן, איז זייער שטרעג פארבאטן אין דער אידישער וויקיפעדיע און מ'ווערט בלאקירט דערפאר פון אלע וויקיפעדיע שפראכן אן ווארענען.
אויב א סייט טוט אויפדעקן די פריוואטקייט פון א וויקיפעדיע שרייבער, האט די וויקימעדיע פונדאציע א פאליסי אז א ראבאט לאזט נישט לייגן די דאזיגע וועבערטער אין קיין איין וויקי אונטער זייער בעלות, אויך האבן זיי אן אפמאך מיט גוגל און יאהו און אנדערע זוכמאשינען אז די דאזיגע זייטלעך ווערן אנערקענט אלס ספעם און זיי לינקען נישט אהין אין די זוך רעזולטאטן. מען דארף דאס נאר ציוויסן טאן פאר די סטוארטס זיך מיט דעם מטפל זיין.
אופן:
צום ביישפיל:
סיבה:
ווייל רוב אויב נישט כמעט אלע יידיש שרייבער זענען היימישע חסידים וואס קענען זיך איינער דעם אנדערן און ווייסן זייערע משפחה נעמען און ווער זיי זענען. און סיי וואסארא יעדע רמז אז מען האט געפאקט דעם שרייבער אויפן אינטערנעט; איז זיין פרנסה; חינוך פאר די קינדער; שידוך פאר די קינדער; סאציאלער שטאנד אין קהילה; און אזוי ווייטער געשאכטען געווארן פאר אייביג. ווייל אינטערנעט איז טריפה או אפגעפרעגט ביי חסידים וואס רעדן יידיש.
נישט יעדער חסיד האט די מסירת נפש פאר וויקיפעדיע און רוב פון זיי זיכן זיך נישט קיין צרות און זיי וועלן נישט זיך באטייליגן אין וויקיפעדיע אויב מען וועט נישט פארזיכערן צו היטן זייער אידענטיטעט פאר אלע געלטער.


וואס מען שרייבט אין וויקיפעדיע איז נישט אייערס מער, אפילו איר האט זיך שטארק געפאלגט דערויף און נאר איר האט דאס געקענט שרייבן.
זיי וועלן נישט ארויסגעבן קיינעמ'ס פריוואטקייט נאר אויב זיי ווערן פארלאנגט פון די רעגירונג דורך דעם געזעץ פון לאנד. און אויף אנדערע אומשטענדן וואס זיי האלטן אז דאס פעלט אויס פארן וואולזיין פון אלע וויקי'ס ווי וויקיפעדיע און וויקינייעס און אזוי ווייטער.

אויך כדי צו היטן אויף אייער פריוואטקייט פאדערן זיי אויף יעדן באנוצער זיך איינשרייבן אין וויקיפעדיע און נאר שרייבן מיטן באנוצער נאמען ווייל דער איי. פי. אדרעסע קען אייך ארויסגעבן די פריוואטקייט פאר שווינדלער וואס ליינען וויקיפעדיע.

פינף זיילן וואס וויקיפעדיע איז נישט
נייטראל צייגט מקורות ביאגראפיעס פון לעבעדיגע מענטשן נאמען פון ארטיקל
זיך אויפפירן העפליך קאנסענסוס קיין פערזענלעכע אטאקעס לייזן מחלוקת'ן

--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Quy_%C4%91%E1%BB%8Bnh_quy%E1%BB%81n_ri%C3%AAng_t%C6%B0
Phiên bản chính thức bằng tiếng Anh của quy định này có tại Wikimedia:Privacy policy, cũng có một bản dịch tiếng Việt để giúp chuyển tải thông tin tốt hơn tới mọi người, nhưng nó không giá trị pháp lý.


--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C4%90%E1%BA%B7c_bi%E1%BB%87t:Li%C3%AAn_k%E1%BA%BFt_%C4%91%E1%BA%BFn_%C4%91%C3%A2y/Wikipedia:Quy_%C4%91%E1%BB%8Bnh_quy%E1%BB%81n_ri%C3%AAng_t%C6%B0
Các trang sau liên kết đến Wikipedia:Quy định quyền riêng tư

--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Đặc_biệt:Liên_kết_đến_đây/Wikipedia:Quy_định_quyền_riêng_tư
Các trang sau liên kết đến Wikipedia:Quy định quyền riêng tư

--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:T%E1%BA%A1i_sao_n%C3%AAn_t%E1%BA%A1o_m%E1%BB%99t_t%C3%A0i_kho%E1%BA%A3n%3F
Bạn không cần phải đăng nhập để đọc Wikipedia, hoặc cần phải đăng ký tài khoản thì mới có thể sửa đổi được bài viết tại Wikipedia—hầu như bất cứ ai cũng có thể sửa đổi gần như bất kỳ bài viết nào vào bất kỳ thời điểm nào, kể cả khi không đăng nhập. Khi không đăng nhập vào tài khoản, theo mặc định người đó sẽ sửa đổi thông qua địa chỉ IP của mình, do nhà cung cấp dịch vụ Internet (ISP) của họ cung cấp. Tuy vậy, mở một tài khoản rất là nhanh, miễn phí, và dễ dàng, và nói chung đó là điều nên làm vì một số lý do khác nhau.
Nếu bạn mở tài khoản, bạn có thể lựa chọn một tên người dùng miễn là chưa có ai dùng và duy nhất. Các sửa đổi do bạn thực hiện khi đăng nhập sẽ được gán cho cái tên đó. Điều đó có nghĩa là bạn sẽ được ghi công đầy đủ đối với các đóng góp của mình trong lịch sử trang (khi không đăng nhập, các sửa đổi chỉ được gán cho địa chỉ IP của bạn). Bạn cũng có thể xem mọi đóng góp của mình bằng cách nhấn vào liên kết "Đóng góp của tôi", chỉ có khi bạn đã đăng nhập.
Bạn sẽ có một trang thành viên cố định của riêng mình, tại đó bạn có thể giới thiệu một tí về bản thân. Tuy Wikipedia không phải là nhà cung cấp trang chủ, bạn có thể dùng trang thành viên để hiển thị một số hình ảnh có giấy phép tự do, viết về những sở thích của bạn, v.v. Nhiều thành viên sử dụng trang thành viên của họ để ghi một danh sách các bài viết mà họ tự hào nhất, hoặc thu thập những thông tin có giá trị khác từ Wikipedia.
Bạn sẽ có một trang thảo luận thành viên cố định mà bạn có thể dùng để liên lạc với những thành viên khác. Bạn sẽ nhận được thông báo khi có ai đó viết tin nhắn lên trang thảo luận thành viên của bạn. Nếu bạn lựa chọn cung cấp địa chỉ thư điện tử của mình, những thành viên khác sẽ có thể liên hệ với bạn bằng thư điện tử. Tính này này là ẩn danh; thành viên gửi thư cho bạn sẽ không biết địa chỉ thư điện tử của bạn là gì.
Bạn không cần phải tiết lộ danh tính ngoài đời của mình, nhưng có một tài khoản có nghĩa là bạn có một danh tính cố định trên Wikipedia để giúp thành viên khác nhận ra. Mặc dù chúng rất hoan nghênh các đóng góp vô danh, đăng nhập vào một bút danh cho phép bạn tạo dựng lòng tin và sự tôn trọng thông qua lịch sử các sửa đổi tốt. Cũng sẽ dễ dàng liên hệ và đóng góp với một biên tập viên nếu chúng tôi biết bạn là ai (ít ra thì bạn là ai trên Wikipedia). Nó cũng dễ hơn cho những thành viên kỳ cựu đánh giá bạn là có ý tốt nếu thành viên mới đã cố gắng mở một tài khoản (và chính bạn cũng rất có thể sẽ thành một thành viên kỳ cựu trong tương lai đấy!). Bạn sẽ hưởng được nhiều sự tiện dụng nếu bạn vượt qua được vấn đề...lựa chọn tên người dùng.
Khi bạn đã tạo dựng được thanh danh cho mình, bạn có thể sẽ được hưởng những đặc quyền như bảo quản viên, và những quyền khác. Tất nhiên không thể trao cho các thành viên vô danh những quyền lợi như vậy được.
Nếu bạn không đăng nhập, mọi đóng góp của bạn sẽ bị liên kết công khai với địa chỉ IP vào lúc bạn sửa đổi. Nếu bạn đăng nhập, mọi đóng góp của bạn sẽ liên kết công khai với tên tài khoản của bạn, và chỉ liên kết với địa chỉ IP ngầm bên trong. Xem Quy định quyền riêng tư của Wikipedia để có thêm thông tin về việc này.
Thực ra bạn sẽ càng ẩn danh tốt hơn (dù thông qua một biệt hiệu) khi đăng nhập so với khi bạn là một thành viên "vô danh", bởi vì bạn có thể giấu địa chỉ IP của mình. Bạn có thể sẽ muốn xem xét một vài yếu tố khác nhau, như quyền riêng tư và khả năng bị quấy rối ngoài đời, khi lựa chọn một tên người dùng.
Tác động đối với sự riêng tư này khác nhau, tùy thuộc hoàn toàn vào nhà cung cấp dịch vụ Internet của bạn, luật pháp và quy định tại nơi bạn sinh sống, và bản chất và lượng sửa đổi của bạn trên Wikipedia. Hãy ghi nhớ là công nghệ và quy định của Wikipedia có thể thay đổi.
Wikipedia cung cấp một số tính năng mà chỉ có thành viên đã đăng ký mới có:
Là một thành viên đã đăng ký, bạn có thể tùy chỉnh hành vi của MediaWiki một cách rất chi tiết bằng cách thay đổi trong Tùy chọn cá nhân tại đặc biệt:tùy chọn. Tại đó bạn có thể thay đổi các thiết lập hiển thị sau:
Và các tùy chọn sửa đổi khác:
Các địa chỉ IP dùng chung như các mạng tại trường hay công ty hoặc máy chủ proxy thường bị cấm vì các lý do phá hoại, mà thật không may là nó cũng có thể ảnh hưởng đến những người vô tội trên cùng mạng. Tuy nhiên, những thành viên đã đăng ký và có lịch sử tốt có thể yêu cầu điều chỉnh tác vụ cấm trên địa chỉ IP của họ để chỉ ảnh hưởng đến thành viên vô danh để họ có tiếp tục đóng góp trên Wikipedia. Nếu bạn hiện đang bị cấm không được mở tài khoản, chúng tôi đề nghị bạn thực hiện một trong những điều sau:

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%94%D0%BE%D0%B2%D1%96%D0%B4%D0%BA%D0%B0:%D0%A0%D0%B5%D1%94%D1%81%D1%82%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%86%D1%96%D1%8F
Довідка
Політики
Реєстрація та облаштування
Пошук інформації
Авторське право
Редагування
ред.
Зареєструватись або увійти як зареєстрований користувач можна на сторінці реєстрації.


Для того, щоб читати статті у Вікіпедії, реєстрація не потрібна. Навіть редагування практично усіх статей можливе без реєстрації. Але якщо ви плануєте працювати з енциклопедією на постійній основі, дуже рекомендуємо це зробити. Процес швидкий та потребує введення мінімуму інформації (тільки імені, під яким ви хочете зареєструватись, та пароля), але відкриває доступ до багатьох цікавих можливостей у Вікіпедії.
Слід зважати на певну недовіру Вікіспільноти до редагувань, зроблених анонімними користувачами. У Вікіпедії деколи відбуваються акти вандалізму та некоректної поведінки, тому ще одним аргументом на користь реєстрації є те, що до зареєстрованих користувачів набагато більше довіри в спільноті.
Зареєстрований користувач може обрати собі ім'я (логін, нік, обліковий запис), яким будуть підписуватись в системі всі його редагування. Це означає, що Ви зможете отримувати повне визнання (або, як прийнято говорити — credit) за Ваш внесок, зареєстрований в історії редагування сторінки (статті). Якщо Ви не зареєстровані, Ваші редагування лише приписуються до Вашої (потенційно випадкової) IP адреси. Але, як відомо, IP-адреса користувача може змінюватись з кожним сеансом роботи в мережі, і користі від такої ідентифікації небагато. Тому реєструйтесь!
Якщо ви плануєте працювати також і в інших мовних версіях та інших проектах фонду Вікімедіа, Ви можете створити єдиний обліковий запис. Як перевірити, що ім'я єдиного облікового запису не зайнято на якому-небудь із проектів? За допомогою цього сервісу.
Ви також можете побачити усі Ваші внески (тобто загалом усі статті, що Ви редагували) натиснувши на напис «Ваш внесок» на панелі користувача, яка розташована зверху, доступний лише коли Ви зареєстровані. Зокрема, кожна зі статей має спеціальну закладку Історія, де міститься історія усіх редагувань з підписами осіб, які їх зробили.
Ви матимете Вашу власну сторінку користувача, де можете трохи написати про себе. Хоча Вікіпедія не є провайдером «домашніх» веб-сторінок, а є енциклопедичним проектом, на персональній сторінці можна розміщувати зображення та звукові файли, змінювати її зовнішній вигляд, користуючись різноманітними засобами HTML. Багато хто з користувачів використовує свої «власні сторінки» щоб вести список статей енциклопедії, якими вони найбільше пишаються, чи щоб збирати іншу змістовну інформацію з Вікіпедії.
Ви також матимете постійну сторінку обговорення користувача, яку зможете використовувати, щоб спілкуватися з іншими користувачами. Ви отримаєте повідомлення, щойно хтось напише на Вашій сторінці обговорення. Якщо Ви погодитеся зареєструвати свою адресу електронної пошти, інші користувачі зможуть зконтактуватися з Вами по E-Mail. Це буде анонімно в тому сенсі, що ваша адреса електронної пошти не буде відома користувачу, який Вам писатиме!
Програмне забезпечення MediaWiki (яке забезпечує роботу Вікіпедії) має багато можливостей, які доступні лише зареєстрованим користувачам. Наприклад, зареєстровані користувачі можуть позначати деякі свої редагування як «незначні». Незначні редагування можуть бути відфільтровані зі списку «нових редагувань». Ми не можемо надати анонімним користувачам привілею позначати редагування як незначні, адже ми не знаємо, хто є за даною IP-адресою, відтак ми не можемо побудувати базис для довіри. (Позначення редагувань незначними у випадку, якщо вони такими не є, вважається дуже грубим порушенням).
Лише зареєстрованим користувачам дозволено перейменовувати сторінки, а це можливість, яка є надзвичайно важливою для підтримання структури та цілісності Вікіпедії.
Тільки зареєстровані користувачі мають можливість завантажувати файли до Вікіпедії зображення та інші файли.
Іншою дуже важливою можливістю, яку активні дописувачі, ймовірно, будуть активно використовувати, є списки спостереження. У випадку реєстрації Ви отримаєте нову клікабельну закладку «Спостерігати» (доступний на панелі користувача згори) на кожній сторінці, яку Ви переглядаєте. Якщо Ви клікнете по тій закладці, то сторінка буде додана до Вашого списку спостереження. Цей список є, в основному, відфільтрованим виглядом списку нових редагувань, який демонструє зміни, нещодавно внесені до сторінок, що є у Вашому списку спостереження. Таким чином Ви зможете слідкувати за змінами у сторінках, над якими Ви працюєте без необхідності переглядати зміни усіх сторінок (власне у списку «нових редагувань» сторінки з вашого списку спостереження будуть виділятися іншим (bold) шрифтом).
Ви не зобов'язані розкривати Вашу офлайнову («з реального життя») ідентичність, але реєстрація в Вікіпедії дає Вам фіксовану ідентичність, яку інші користувачі будуть розпізнавати. Хоча ми вітаємо й анонімні внески до змісту Вікіпедії, реєстрація допомагає Вам досягти довіри та поваги через історію добрих редагувань. Також легше спілкуватись та співпрацювати з тим, хто редагує, якщо ми знаємо, хто Ви є (принаймні, хто Ви є в Вікіпедії). Користувачам-ветеранам також легше припускати добрі наміри з боку новачків, які не полінувалися зареєструватися.
Будь ласка, зрозумійте, що Вікіпедія постійно вандалізується, «спамізується» та до неї постійно завантажується інформація людьми, що хочуть лише прорекламувати. Необхідно піддавати перевірці джерела інформації, і Вікіпедії потрібен спосіб розрізняти надійних авторів змісту та джерел інформації.
Якщо Ви не зареєстровані, усі Ваші редагування публічно асоціюються з IP адресою, «під якою» Ви працювали в момент редагування. Якщо Ви зареєстровані, то всі Ваші редагування публічно асоційовані з вашим «логіном» і внутрішньо за вашою IP-адресою. Дивіться деталі і подробиці в документі «Політика безпеки».
Наслідки у забезпеченні приватності, що випливають з викладеного, залежать від Вашого Інтернет-провайдера, локальних законів та правил, природи і кількості Ваших редагувань контенту Вікіпедії. Не забувайте, що технології і політика Вікіпедії можуть змінюватись.
Ваш вибір залежить від бажаності досконалої анонімності. Деякі люди вірять, що анонімність є синонімом неможливості оцінити вклад кожного, чи може обумовлювати непродуктивну поведінку, чи здійснення внеску без фіксованої ідентичності не є мотивуючим, відтак є неприємним. Такі люди вважають, що створення «аккаунту» та реєстрація може позбавити подібних відчуттів.
На додачу до вище перелічених можливостей Ви зможете дуже детально налаштувати «під себе» спосіб, у який MediaWiki буде Вас обслуговувати — доступне на панелі користувача в меню Конфігурація. Ви зможете змінювати загальний вигляд Вікіпедії вказуючи, наприклад, бажання використовувати попередню «шкіру» (skin) «Стандартна» замість встановленої нещодавно (для використання «по замовчуванню») шкіри «MonoBook», Ви зможете вибирати бажаний спосіб відображення математичних формул, наскільки великим повинно бути віконечко для редагування, скільки сторінок повинно відображатись у «Нових редагуваннях» і ще багато чого.
Адміністратори (деколи згадувані як sysops) можуть видаляти та відновлювати видалені сторінки, захищати їх від редагування, редагувати захищені сторінки а також блокувати користувачів за порушення наших політик. Зазвичай вони виконують волю спільноти Вікіпедії, зафіксовану на сторінках таких як Вікіпедія:Статті-кандидати на вилучення.
З очевидних причин лише зареєстровані користувачі можуть стати адміністраторами. Зазвичай для цього достатньо декілька місяців робити для Вікіпедії напіврегулярну роботу без надмірного конфліктування з іншими, хоча видається, що стандарти стають поступово більш жорсткими. Якщо Ви є зареєстрований користувач та бажаєте бути адміністратором, дивіться Вікіпедія:Запит на статус адміністратора для додаткової інформації.
Хоча в більшості опитувань, що провадяться у Вікіпедії, кожен може висловлювати свою точку зору, незалежно від того, зареєстрований він чи ні, Ваша думка буде мати більшу вагу, якщо вона може бути співставлена з фіксованою ідентичністю, що має зареєстровані якісні коментарі та змістовні редагування.
Дивіться докладніше про це питання: Вікіпедія:Голосування — зло.


--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D1%96%D1%82%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%84%D1%96%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B9%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D1%96
Ці правила затверджені Радою повірників фонду Вікімедія у червні 2006 року й офіційно набули чинності з 1 липня. Обговорення й пропозиції вітаються на відповідній сторінці.


Якщо ви просто переглядаєте сайти проектів Вікіпедія, про вас збирається не більше інформації, ніж збирається в протоколах роботи середньостатистичного сервера в Інтернеті.
Коли ви пишете або редагуєте матеріали в проектах Вікіпедія, ви публікуєте кожне слово з того, що написали, і ця інформація буде зберігатися необмежений час. Це стосується статей, особистих сторінок користувачів і сторінок обговорень.
Просте відвідування веб-сайта не приводить до публічного розкриття вашої особистої інформації (однак див. Протоколювання унизу).
При редагуванні будь-якої сторінки цього вікі-проекту ви публікуєте документ. Це — публічна дія, і ви будете привселюдно визнані автором цього виправлення.
Ви можете представитись системі при публікації сторінки у вікі, а можете не представлятися.
Якщо ви представилися, ви будете ідентифікуватися вашим ім'ям користувача. Це може бути ваше справжнє ім'я (якщо ви цього хочете) або ви можете побажати публікуватися під псевдонімом — тим ім'ям, яким представилися при створенні облікового запису.
Якщо ви не представились системі, то будете ідентифікуватися за своєю IP-адресою. Залежно від вашого типу з'єднання, по цих числах ваше положення може бути відслідковано лише з точністю до великого інтернет-провайдера, або безпосередньо з точністю до вашого навчального закладу, місця роботи або будинку. Існує можливість, що джерело цієї IP-адреси в поєднанні з інтересами, виявленими вами прямо або побічно за допомогою редагування статей, навіть дозволять окремим особам пізнати вас.
Для зацікавлених осіб може виявитися складно або легко зв'язати вашу мережеву IP-адресу із вашою особистістю. Тому якщо ви сильно зацікавлені в конфіденційності, вам може бути зручно представитися системі й публікувати статті під псевдонімом.
Якщо ви використаєте псевдонім, то ваша IP-адреса не буде доступна стороннім, крім випадків зловживання, включаючи вандалізм вікі-сторінок, вчинений вами або іншим користувачем з тією ж самою IP-адресою. В будь-якому випадку, ваша IP-адреса буде збережена на серверах вікі на відносно короткий час і може бути доступна адміністраторам серверів, а також користувачам, яким надані права «CheckUser». Ваша IP-адреса, а також її зв'язок з обліковими записами, що використають, можуть бути розкриті за певних умов (див. нижче).
Якщо ви використовуєте поштовий сервер фірми, здійснюєте віддалений доступ до робочого комп'ютера з будинку або використовуєте DSL або пряме підключення до Інтернету — досить імовірно, що для вашого роботодавця буде дуже просто визначити вашу IP-адресу і знайти всі ваші виправлення у вікі, позначені цією IP-адресою. У цьому випадку використання псевдоніма — більш надійний спосіб зберегти свою конфіденційність. Однак не забувайте виходити із системи після того, як скористалися псевдонімом на загальнодоступному комп'ютері, щоб уникнути використання іншими вашого імені користувача.
Вікі встановлює на вашому комп'ютері куки для впізнання сеансу (PHPSESSI) щораз, коли Ви відвідуєте цей сайт. Якщо Ви не збираєтеся представлятися системі, то можете відмовитися від цієї можливості, однак без неї ви не зможете представитися системі. Ця інформація буде вилучена, коли ви закриєте сеанс свого браузера.
Коли ви представляєтеся системі, можуть встановлюватися додаткові кукі, що дозволяють уникнути повторного введення імені користувача (і, можливо, пароля) при наступному візиті. Ці кукі зберігаються до 30 днів. Ви можете стерти їх по закінченні сеансу, якщо використовуєте загальнодоступний комп'ютер і не бажаєте відкривати свій псевдонім наступним користувачам комп'ютера (у такому випадку вам також потрібно очистити кеш браузера).
Багато аспектів взаємодії учасників співтовариства вікі ґрунтуються на репутації й повазі, побудованих на історії корисних внесків. Паролі користувачів є єдиною гарантією цілісності історії виправлень користувача. Всім користувачам рекомендується вибирати складні паролі й ніколи їх не розголошувати. Ніхто не повинен навмисно представляти пароль на загальний огляд прямо або побічно.
При кожному відвідуванні веб-сторінок ви передаєте серверу багато інформації про себе. Більшість веб-серверів ведуть протоколювання частини цієї інформації з метою одержання відомостей про те, які сторінки популярні в користувачів і якими браузерами вони користуються. У проектах Вікімедія ця інформація не призначена для спостереження за сумлінними користувачами.
Ці протоколи переробляються в статистику сайтів, а повна інформація ніколи не публікується й звичайно знищується протягом двох тижнів.
Ось приклад інформації, що зберігає на сервері при перегляді користувачем однієї сторінки:
Дані із протоколів можуть проглядатися розробниками для вирішення технічних проблем, виявлення некоректно працюючих веб-павуків. IP-адреси користувачів із цих протоколів, а також з бази даних часто використаються для співвіднесення адрес різних учасників із псевдонімами при розслідуванні зловживань у виках-проектах, при підозрі в зловмисному користуванні «віртуалами» (додатковими обліковими записами), вандалізмі, образі інших користувачів, підриві функціональності вікі-проекту.
Офіційна політика фонду «Вікімедія» полягає в тому, що персоніфіковані дані із протоколів роботи сервера й інформація з бази даних (доступна процедурі перевірки користувачів CheckUser-ами) може розголошуватися системними адміністраторами й учасниками, що мають доступ до процедури перевірки користувачів, у наступних випадках:
Правила фонду Вікімедія забороняють розкриття подібної інформації, крім вищезгаданих випадків.

Якщо явно не зазначене зворотне, всі тексти, опубліковані в проектах фонду Вікімедія, можуть використатися ким завгодно на підставі ліцензії GFDL. Виключенням є матеріали проекту Вікіновини, розповсюджувані по ліцензії Creative Commons.
Фонд Вікімедія не буде ні продавати, ні надавати третій стороні ніяку особисту інформацію, наприклад, адресу електронної пошти, за винятком випадків, коли отримана ваша згода або розголошення такої інформації вимагає закон.
Фонд Вікімедія не гарантує неможливості несанкціонованого доступу до будь-якої повідомлюваної Вами інформації. Ця інформація може бути доступна кожному, хто має доступ до сервера, в основному це розробники, перелік яких можна знайти на сторінці Meta:developers.
Ви можете вказати свою адресу електронної пошти в налаштуваннях і дозволити іншим учасникам, що представилися системі, надсилати вам пошту за допомогою веб-інтерфейсу вікі (ви можете відключити цю можливість у налаштуваннях). Ваша адреса не буде розкрита користувачеві, що надіслав листа, за винятком випадків, коли повідомлення буде повернуто відправникові. Ця адреса може використатися фондом Вікімедія для зв'язку з користувачами в широких межах.
Не вказавши адресу електронної пошти, ви не зможете відновити свій пароль, якщо забудете його. Однак, ви можете зв'язатися із системними адміністраторами фонду й попросити їх вставити у ваші налаштувавання нову поштову адресу.
Ви можете у будь-який момент видалити з налаштувань свою адресу електронної пошти, для того, щоб вона більше не використовувалась.
Якщо ви підписалися на один з списків розсилання проекту — ваша адреса електронної пошти стане відомою будь-якому передплатникові. Архіви більшості списків розсилань Вікімедія загальнодоступні, і ваша адреса може там зустрітися, якщо його процитували в повідомленнях. Також розсилання архівуються службами Gmane й іншими. Звичайно повідомлення не видаляються й не змінюються, але це можливо зробити в надзвичайних випадках.
Повідомлення, отримані деякими адресами електронної пошти (див. нижче) можуть перенаправлятися за допомогою системи обробки заявок (наприклад, OTRS) команді добровольців, що мають довіру фонду, для прочитання й написання відповіді. Поштові повідомлення в цій системі не є загальнодоступними, але видні учасникам команди Вікімедія. Надіславши електронну пошту на одну із цих адрес, ви розкриєте свою адресу електронної пошти членам цієї групи. Учасники команди системи обробки заявок можуть обговорювати ці листи з іншими учасниками для того, щоб мати можливість відповісти вам щонайкраще.
Пошта, що прийшла на наступні адреси, перенаправляється в систему обробки заявок:
Пошта, що прийшла на адресу boardwikipedia.org або особисті поштові адреси членів ради фонду, також може перенаправлятися команді OTRS.
Канали IRC не є офіційною частиною проектів Вікімедія. Якщо ви приєднаєтеся до каналу IRC, то Ваша адреса може бути доступна іншим учасникам. У різних каналів є свої правила, що стосуються публікації балок.
Такі відомості про користувачів, як час, коли робилися виправлення й загальне число виправлень — загальнодоступні за допомогою сторінки «Внесок учасника», або публікуються іншими учасниками в обробленому вигляді.
Жодний вже створений обліковий запис користувача не буде вилучено. Ім'я облікового запису можна змінити (це залежить від правил, прийнятих у конкретному вікі-проекті, і кількості зроблених від імені цього облікового запису виправлень). Фонд Вікімедія не гарантує, що перейменування буде зроблено за вашим запитом.
Чи буде конкретна інформація про користувача вилучена, чи ні, залежить від правил проекту, у якому ця інформація перебуває.
Видалення тексту зі сторінок проектів Вікімедія не вилучає його назовсім. У звичайних статтях кожний може подивитися попередню версію й побачити, що там було. Якщо стаття «вилучена», то учасник із правами «адміністратора», тобто людина, про яку відомо, що він не зловживає можливістю видаляти статті, може подивитися, що було вилучено. Інформація може бути повністю вилучена особами, що мають доступ до сервера, але немає гарантії того, що це обов'язково буде виконано, якщо тільки цього не вимагає закон…


--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%A1%D0%BF%D0%B5%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%BD%D0%B0:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D1%81%D0%B8%D0%BB%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%BD%D1%8F_%D1%81%D1%8E%D0%B4%D0%B8/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D1%96%D1%82%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%84%D1%96%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B9%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D1%96
Наступні сторінки посилаються на Вікіпедія:Політика конфіденційності

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/Спеціальна:Посилання_сюди/Вікіпедія:Політика_конфіденційності
Наступні сторінки посилаються на Вікіпедія:Політика конфіденційності

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%A0%D1%96%D0%B2%D0%BD%D1%96%D1%81%D1%82%D1%8C_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D1%82%D1%83%D0%B2%D0%B0%D1%87%D1%96%D0%B2
З самого початку Вікіпедія створювалася і розвивалася як вільна енциклопедія, в якій статті може редагувати будь-який користувач. Для того, щоб працювати над статтями у Вікіпедії навіть не потрібно реєструватися. Більш того, при роботі над статтями у Вікіпедії всі учасники мають рівні права. У деяких випадках права учасників можуть обмежуватися, але тільки для захисту Вікіпедії, а не для поділу учасників на перший сорт, другий і так далі; наприклад, у разі систематичного вандалізму в конкретній статті адміністратор може заборонити на якийсь час незареєстрованим учасникам вносити зміни до статті. При виникненні війни редагувань між зареєстрованими учасниками адміністратор може навіть заборонити всім неадміністраторам вносити зміни в статтю, але навіть тоді він не має права використовувати це блокування для зміни статті в відповідно до свого бачення.
Всі технічні відмінності між групами користувачів засновані на ступені довіри до користувача:
Зверніть увагу, що всі щаблі цієї ієрархії мають абсолютно однакові права при редагуванні статей. Тому:
Оскільки всі користувачів рівні, при роботі над статтями ніхто з них не має переваги. Немає таких постів, як «куратори» певних розділів або статей. А самі статті не належать тим, хто їх написав. У випадках, коли виникають розбіжності з приводу вмісту статей, єдиний шлях до їх розв'язання - досягнення консенсусу. Не треба звертатися до адміністраторів зі скаргами на суперечки про зміст статей: їх думка не має більшої ваги, ніж думка будь-якого іншого користувача. Правда, оскільки в адміністратори вибирають досвідчених і врівноважених користувачів, вони часто можуть дати ділову пораду, як досягти згоди.
Оскільки Вікіпедія - не демократія, простої більшості при вирішенні питань недостатньо і потрібно переважна підтримка спільноти, що зазвичай розглядається як 2 / 3 або ще більше. Пам'ятайте, що редагування, зроблені в порушення консенсусу, можуть розглядатися як вандалізм. Якщо ви не згодні з редагуваннями інших учасників, не варто їх відкочувати більше одного разу - краще підніміть це питання на сторінці обговорення статті. Якщо консенсус не досягнуто, дійте згідно з інструкціями з пам'ятки про вирішенні конфліктів: зверніться до посередництва і, якщо ви вважаєте, що інший користувач порушує будь-які правила чи рекомендації, винесіть обговорення його поведінки на розгляд спільноти на сторінці Вікіпедія:Запити до адміністраторів. У крайньому випадку, якщо нічого не допомогло, звертайтеся в арбітраж, але пам'ятайте, що він не встановлює правил, а тільки інтерпретує вже існуючі.

--URL: http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D0%B8%D1%8F:%D0%A0%D0%B0%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE_%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B0%D1%81%D1%82%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B2
Хотя данное руководство в целом поддержано сообществом, однако некоторые частные формулировки могут не отражать консенсус.
С самого начала Википедия создавалась и развивалась как свободная энциклопедия, в которой статьи может редактировать любой участник. Для того чтобы работать над статьями в Википедии, даже не требуется регистрироваться. Более того, при работе над статьями в Википедии все участники имеют равные права. В некоторых случаях права участников могут ограничиваться, но только для защиты Википедии, а не для разделения участников на первый сорт, второй и так далее — например, в случае систематического вандализма в конкретной статье администратор может временно запретить внесение в статью изменений незарегистрированными участниками. При возникновении войны правок между зарегистрированными участниками администратор может даже запретить всем неадминистраторам вносить изменения в статью, но даже тогда он не имеет права использовать эту блокировку для изменения статьи в соответствии со своим ви́дением.
Поскольку все участники равны, при работе над статьями никто из них не имеет преимущества. Нет таких постов, как «кураторы» определённых разделов или статей. А сами статьи не принадлежат тем, кто их написал. В случаях, когда возникают разногласия по поводу содержимого статей, единственный путь к их разрешению — достижение консенсуса. Не надо обращаться к администраторам с жалобами на споры о содержании статей: их мнение не имеет бо́льшего веса, чем мнение любого другого участника. Правда, поскольку в администраторы выбирают опытных и уравновешенных участников, они зачастую могут дать дельный совет, как достигнуть согласия.
Поскольку Википедия — не демократия, простого большинства при решении вопросов недостаточно и требуется подавляющая поддержка сообщества, что обычно рассматривается как 2/3 или ещё больше. Помните, что правки, произведённые в нарушение консенсуса, могут рассматриваться как вандализм. Если вы не согласны с правками других участников, не стоит их откатывать более одного раза — лучше поднимите этот вопрос на странице обсуждения статьи. Если консенсус не достигнут, действуйте согласно инструкциям из памятки о разрешении конфликтов: обратитесь к посредничеству и, если вы считаете, что другой участник нарушает какие-либо правила или рекомендации, вынесите обсуждение его поведения на рассмотрение сообщества на странице Википедия:Вниманию участников. В крайнем случае, если ничего не помогло, обращайтесь в арбитраж, но помните, что он не устанавливает правил, а только интерпретирует уже существующие.
Все технические различия между группами пользователей основаны на степени доверия к пользователю:
Обратите внимание, что все ступени этой иерархии имеют абсолютно одинаковые права при редактировании статей. Поэтому:

--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/How_to_contribute/ru

--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/How_to_contribute/ru
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/How_to_contribute/ru
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Talk:How_to_contribute/ru

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Talk:How_to_contribute
It is requested to open/allow this page for marathi(mr) translation please,if it is not a policy to withhold this page for translation. Thanks.
You translated it fully (thank you), so I guess this is resolved.
There is some problem in the language bar. In the first stroke, when one opens the page, Marathi(mr) language does not appear. we have to try twice or thrice. then it appears. maybe some problem with my comp. or what. anyway,Thanks.
Yes, on WMF wikis it may take up to a week or two; it's normal. Redirects with Special:MyLanguage always work.
Anybody willing to contribute a new section for DevOps linking to wikitech:Get involved?
Project:Requests/OtherRequests#Semi-protection of How to contribute
Translations of this page are desynchronized but I started updating them until I saw that NOTHING was saved because ALL the translation units (in the Translate: namespace) of this page are fully protected against ALL edits by everyone except a few admins, by an incorrect "cascaded option" (worse: it is a permanent protection).
Please remove these excessive protections in the translatin namespace, even if you want to keep some pages protected: only the editable base page of translations may be protected, but actually we don't need that excessive protection on the base page because the current stable version is already in the "/en" subpage.
And clearly, the isolated translation units should not be protected this way !
Thanks !
Note: Most of the desynchronisations are coming from links that have been encapsulated into tvars by Guillom, when he marked the new version of page for translation, but without updating the existing translations that already contained these links (but not in tvars). Ayway it is still a bad idea to put any (unnecessary) permanent cascade protection on any translation unit!
Please inspect your existing cascades to remove all pages in the "Translation" namespace for translation units. And possibly as well on all generated pages with a "/code" language suffix when the base page is translatable and have been enough protected by marking it for translation with the "Translate" tool.
This problem still persists, and translations for this page are marked as high priority. Any chance to get it fixed anytime soon?
There is no cascading protection for this page. Only semi-protection of base page, as I see on the protection log. As example, esperanto version is successfully translated by an anonymous user.
This is some other problem. What language version are you trying to save?
See How to contribute/Translations.
Ohhh! Now it's impossible to establish a semiprotect level recursively...
Actually the recursive protection should not affect pages in another translation namespace than the original, except if a translation in a target language is protected in the same language. If you protect a base Englishh page which is the source for marking a translation this hould have no consequences on the protection of translations that are in separate subpages, whuch are NOT included in the English page. The same is true is you protect a German page (this should not affect the French or Arabic one). The protection however may recurse from the generated translated subpage to its included translated units in the same language.
This is independant of the kind of protection (full protection for admins only, or semi-protection for some approved users connected with a registered account or belonging to some other groups allowing edits).
Cascading protection are very dangerous (frequently it protects too many things due to complex inclusions of various other templates that could include some parts which are not critical or not really generated in the final rendered page, beause of #if/#switch conditions). When someone activates the cascade, the list of pages included in the set should be made visible so that exceptions remain possible; and the hierarchy of the cascade should be visible as a tree. I've too frequently seen cascaded protections used that affect really too many pages (most of them not critical and not really included). But the bad is that once it is set, the initial adm!in making it forgets it (often for long, even when the page no is no longer "hot in the news" and they can be brought back to normal mode with vbery few users actually modifying it. Even if a template is used on lots of pages, it is rarely justified to activate permanent full protection, unless that template is so wellknown and constinues to be used on large scales that any modificatin to it could affect many pages with severe performance degradation.
If a template is protected, it should include a sandbox version and a parameter to activate the sandbox for testing proposed changes correctly. Semi-protection (allowing edits by long-time experienced editors with an account) is less a problem when there are more people allowing to reach this leval than just a few elected admins (whose work is nbot to close the project but just maintain it viable and fix only the critical things that take too much time to fix/revert frequently). Wikimedia projects should not be "owned" by just a few admins (this has been a cause for many people leaving the projects despite of their good-faith efforts, even if they made some minor changes that cause unexpected problems, often not documented and not discussed anywhere or just in a wrong place difficult to locate: users should not have to perform extensive searches in lots of talk pages to find the possible caveats that a change could cause).
Icons have been uploaded and listed at Project:Visual identity with the activity they represent and the credits. There are a few other icons to find or discuss, but let's do it at Project talk:Visual identity.
Yes, nitpicking as usual: note that not all those icons are PD, so |link= is not good practice. Some in the Noun project even explicitly require attribution by name.
Then why are they used? Let's replace all on PD-versions?
If you find better versions that are PD please propose them here. Nemo, point taken and I will remove the |link=.
I Propose:
I believe visual consistency is more important than Public Domain license vs CC. Wikimedia Foundation Design/Agora Icon Set goes for simple black icons and I don't see a reason not to follow that trend.
See media:How to hack on Wikipedia.pdf for other icons proposed.
Well, then you need to take out icons for "Support", "Translation", "Api" (as two gears), "Development" and "Documentation". Now overall look is feeble.
Note: big b/w hammer may impress agressive.
Proposals for missing icons:
Development: http://thenounproject.com/noun/source-code/#icon-No1171 Support: http://thenounproject.com/noun/first-aid/#icon-No2208
Still searching for Documentation.
Proposal for Documentation: http://thenounproject.com/noun/book/#icon-No7656
As you have seen, I have changed the icons for API and Translation. I will wait an extra day for Development, Support and Documentation just in case.
Not-obvious metaphor for API :( Meshed gears would be better...
Note: I posted a similar comment at Thread:Project talk:Calendar/About consistent icons/reply. I'm copying it below:
What could have caused this drop after April 17 (same in all languages)? [1] It may not be a bad thing given the over-exposure, but it's still curious.
Once again… This page contains changes which are not marked for translation.
Fixed; thanks.
Thanks to the help of a few real new contributors, Starter_kit is basically ready to be an important page for newcomers. I'm thinking in linking it from the "Get involved" main box, but before I want to check with the followers of the page whether you think that page is useful and ready. Please discuss at Talk:Starter kit. Thank you.
The alignment of the "table" in Hebrew (and Arabic, etc.) is wrong because the "float:left" rule is not flipped. Any ideas what we can do to resolve this? Thanks!
I just want to say that I saw this and I agree we should fix it but I don't know how to fix it because I have no experience dealing with RTL/LTR compatibility. Maybe Aaharoni can shed some light?
I looked through (all?) the CSS rules, and couldn't find one that I could use for this. It can be easily done with a css rule that utilizes the class .mw-content-rtl to flip the directionality. I could also do this with a template, but then it won't be automatic. Indeed, maybe Amir will have an idea.
The current mobile view isn't great. Discussion about it here: <http://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/wikitech-l/2013-August/071526.html>.
I'm not a div expert. Is the content of the current table supposed to be in a div containing others like this?
The page is now using Template:Contribution, which basically implements the div structure you're describing, I think. The code still doesn't collapse well, though.
MZ thanks for doing this. I just made some tweaks and it's looking a lot better on mobile now :D
It looks great on mobile now. Also thank you for the nanotutorial on how to go from wikitable to divs.  :)
Hi. I've removed the video (File:How to hack on Wikipedia.webm) from this page for now as I think it's problematic. In my experience, developers have short attention spans. They've come to this page to hopefully find a way to contribute ("How to contribute"). The first minute of this video is spent polling the audience. The second minute is spent explaining Wikipedia and MediaWiki and Wikimedia, using the wrong MediaWiki logo, over-emphasizing Wikipedia, and confusingly showing Wikia and other non-Wikimedia projects in relation to MediaWiki and its sister projects.
I'm not sure what's in the rest of the video as I got bored and stopped watching. This is part of the issue with this video. A video about "How to hack on Wikipedia" should explain how to hack on Wikipedia. Quickly. Efficiently. Logically. Perhaps we can link to the slideshow presentation used in the video or something similar? The video as-is is doing more harm than good.
It's your opinion and you are not part of the target audience (newcomers). The video has its issues but imho is better than nothing. Anyway, we have more important & urgent problems.
It's still unclear whether this page will serve for Bug 33464 – Add "Developer" or "API" link to footer of Wikimedia wikis
I had a list somewhere (an outline, really, I think) of what should be included in this type of page. For example, the XML database dumps available at http://dumps.wikimedia.org. There are likely other things missing. It'd be good to figure out what those things are sooner rather than later as they may impact the layout.
Though this raises a broader question about this page's goal: is it to draw in people to MediaWiki development or is it to encourage re-use of content from Wikimedia wikis? Or is it some combination? The exact purpose of this page is still a little unclear to me.
Wikimedia data dumps fall in the category of reuse/remix. Instead of creating a new section I would rename the API one to integrate both API and offline. "Reuse"? "Data"?
The exact purpose of this page is the same than Get involved, isn't it? We want to attract technical profiles of all kinds and we want to redirect each profile to their best next destination.
Is there a page summarizing the different ways to reuse Wikimedia data? The more I think about your suggestion of pointing to the various ways to reuse / remix the more I like it. If such page doesn't exist we could create it. It would contain an overview to the API, the dumps, the offline projects, InstantCommons... Anything else?
I don't know of such a page. I'd intended for Get involved to be that page, but I'm perfectly happy working on a more specific page like Re-using Wikimedia's data (or m:Re-using Wikimedia's data).
Pieces you're missing could be: Squid cache, HTML dumps, the Toolserver, and Wikimedia Labs.
I don't think HTML dumps will ever be produced again. The WMF hosts ZIM dumps produced by others and probably thinks this is enough, there are no plans for more HTML dumps. It's ok to include them in a generic "dumps" or to add them again when they're updated, but currently it's a waste of people's time. I don't know if mentioning ZIM dumps would be ok either, as they exist only for a subset of wikis.
A page about reusing Wikimedia data would be useful. If you ask me, I would prefer to have it in this wiki.
Is there anything we can say to contributors about Squid? In fact I had to remove the whole Sysadmins block after realising that, at this point, we have little to no docs explaining how someone can get involved and do a useful contribution.
Dealing with (parsing) wikitext is almost impossible, but the XML dumps at dumps.wikimedia.org are wikitext-only. So if you need HTML instead of wikitext, you have three options:
I think we should be clearer about how to do option "2". For example, by specifying an appropriately useful User-Agent and by not slamming the site with too many requests in too a short a period of time (this is how bots and spiders get blocked). And discuss iframing, hot-linking, etc. This quickly gets more into Meta-Wiki territory, though.
Looks like what you need may be now at m:Research:Data.
Dropping a link here: http://browsersize.googlelabs.com/
The URL should be https://m.mediawiki.org/wiki/How_to_contribute (mobile view) but I'm not sure the interpretation in that site corresponds to what you actually see in mobile devices...
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:How_to_Contribute_-Mobile_1.png
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:How_to_Contribute_-Mobile_2.png
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:How_to_Contribute_-Mobile_3.png
Screenshots from my phone.
The layout is too wide for my screen, the header especially.
That site won't reflect it, but now the mobile view is more decent - without significant changes in the desktop view. The list of topics could welcome some mobile love but it's late and I got tired of fighting the combinations between CSS + HTML tables + wikitext tables + MobileFrontend.
Thank you. I must confess my complete ignorance of mobile-friendly code. Thanks for cleaning it up!
Only using max-width instead of width gets you quite far in terms of <buzz>responsiveness</buzz>, I learned yesterday.  :)
While I was adding Product development to the page, I felt the need to reorganize the contents, and I ended up completely reorganizing the layout and simplifying the content. I feel the page is now easier to read and to navigate.
I believe I've explained all the changes in the edit summaries, but I'm available to discuss my changes if some are controversial.
Mmm ok. Yes, it is an improvement. I like it because it's closer to be mobile friendly, although it is not yet. Having one column instead of 2 things will be easier to fix.
We need to pay more attention to the sorting of areas though. In the previous layout I tried to keep an order of relevance starting with API. Now we have Product development and Design at the top, which are precisely two areas where we are not really ready to get contributors and make them happy.
Right; "Readiness to get contributors" wasn't a criterion in the reordering; Instead, I focused on the kinda chronological order in which stuff usually happens (i.e. we start with Product Development, then Design, then Development, etc.).
If you think that that criterion comes first, feel free to reorder. If the order is the only major thing that bothers you, I'm happy :)
Done.
I believe Sysadmin are the last ones missing. With Wikitech + Labs + Puppet they start having something nice in place. And I still like the icon used in the slides. :)
Looks good to me!
If links with anchor makes through "Special:MyLanguage", such as Special:MyLanguage/Communication#Landing, requires that anchor was unchangeable in all languages. I've added fixed anchor in the Communication/ru, but this should be considered when migration to new translating system.
You're right. Usually, when the target page is translatable, we place some additional untranslatable anchors for the purpose of linking. We should probably migrate Communication to Translate, do you volunteer for the migration? ;)
Why not? This may be useful experience.
Nice! Reading the tutorial should probably be enough; when you have some free time, if you prepare the page for translation I can then mark ("approve") it and then you can import the old translations where possible. (For the following times a bureaucrat should definitely give you translation admin flag.) Let me know,
Please check my chsnges.
Current issues:
Whoops, already approved. :-)
Edit: note that FuzzyBot is supposed to pass and update the subpages (i.e. override with the English version until translation are re-added) but there's currently some problem with the job queue so it didn't yet; translation works, though.
Hi. I was pondering translating the page to French (with my volunteer hat), but I'm wondering if it makes sense to translate this page if all the pages it points to remain in English. Is the goal only to translate this page, or is there some more ambitious plan to translate a whole set of pages to encourage participation to development, testing, design, support etc. in multiple languages?
I've tried to point out what of the listed activities or pages are English only: it shouldn't be all of them...
The availability of further pages and tasks in languages other than English will depend on the push of the own speakers of those languages. There is nothing planned in advanced.
I think it's worth translating this page because it links directly from the homepage and it aims to be a landing page for all kinds of users, especially if we indeed get that link in the Wikipedias' footer. It's also short and now I consider the existing texts quite stable.
I'm not sure about the need to specify "(English only)" in the English version. It feels weird and redundant. Is this something we can leave for the translations in other languages, where such detail does make sense?
Also a couple of questions:
- Can you have a look to the i18n code? I fear I broke something with the introduction of the wiki table.
- Does the multilingual nav bar need to be at the top? Can it be placed at the bottom?
The languages bar at the bottom feels useless, and it doesn't harm anything at the top, while showing that we do support more languages. I'll check the tags later today.
The "English only" is meant to show that – even if most of the pages including this are only in English – one actually can contribute in other languages too, in the areas where English is not specified as a requirement; I'm not sure what those areas are, but where in doubt that may be something to fix.
Development, Design and Testing are the few areas I see where being able to communicate in English is really needed.
Most areas are likely to benefit from a localized page imho:
So I'd be in favor of using Translate on those pages as well, and use Special:Mylanguage links on this page.
As for the (English ony) disclaimer, I do think it's valuable for translated versions of this page, but I understand Quim's point about being redundant on the English version. How about we use the qqq message for these strings to tell translators to add the disclaimer, even if it's not in the source text? It's not a perfect solution but it seems like a good compromise.
(As for the language navigation bar, I agree it's fine at the top.)
Ok to the bar at the top, then.
If you are in a page in English and you just to another page / tool in English only and no hints of translations, it is safe to assume that most users will correctly deduce that it's only only. The "English only" note in translations make sense because it warns users that whatever is behind the link will be in English, and not the language they are currently reading.
The list of areas open for L10n proposed by guillom makes total sense.
I've added Special:MyLanguage/ links where discussed.
I fixed it. Previous translations have been invalidated because the page has changed a lot, but I've tried to make translations as easy and straightforward as possible by keeping the wikitext of translatable chunks clean. Let me know if you encounter other issues.
Looking at the current version of this page, the landing pages are not all equal. For example, compare Localisation and Design. Does this make sense?
Not all linked pages are "landing pages", is this what you mean? For instance Localisation is not linked anywhere if I remember correctly, only a section of it is. In general, different links on this page have different audiences, so it makes sense for them to be different.
Each section offers a main link to the best next step available. Some landing pages need more improvement than others, but then again this has been always the case for most Wikimedia pages. I hope that increasing the attention on those page will help getting more edits improving them.
This page is currently linked from Main in plenty of languages, but actually almost no secondary page links to it when it comes to point new contributors. Maybe this is good, maybe not. I will start looking at competing / complementary pages just to check if we can improve our intake of new contributors, bringing them to their preferred destinations.
For instance,
Ideas welcome! Also other ideas to improve this page.
I agree that Get involved should be merged to this page, although this might involve some reorganisation of the content to fit different audiences (if a different audience for that proposal is chosen).
I'm fine with redirecting Get involved, as long as we can adequately cover the goal of helping people re-use content from Wikimedia wikis somewhere (here or on Meta-Wiki). I posted about this page's purpose above, as it remains unclear to me.
Template:New_opportunities is outdated. Only editors with special permissions seem to be able to update it. I'm for removing it until we find out a way to keep that block updated with relevant information. Actually it's a tough task... See the other thread #All those pages with tasks for (new) contributors.
Template:New opportunities was semi-protected. I just removed all page protection from it for now.
Yes, this page is now a lot more cluttered than it used to be. However, I wanted to make sure we have all the relevant pages identified, put in context and linked. Before it would take a lot of experience for a newcomer to find those pages (a paradox). Now we are closer to this goal.
There next step is to work on one and only one landing page for each section. Then we can move many of the details to a visible "How to contribute" section in each of those pages" leaving here the very basic introduction for each section, a link to a main page and perhaps just an extra link to a popular / catchy destination within that topic.
There is still one section missing: Promotion. But before we need to have a landing page for that. This will be my next task, related to Groups/Proposals/Promotion.
And there is one section we could get rid of: Donate. The link is good, but it can simply go in the first paragraph of the page, that I still want to polish a bit. Imagine a sentence like
You can edit, you can donate, and you can also contribute your technical skills in many ways.
I just discovered Project:Tasks... There is also Annoying little bugs and Annoying large bugs and Mentorship programs/Possible projects. Shouldn't we harmonize all this? Keeping these lists alive takes a lot of effort.
One idea would be to split them into categories (development, documentation, design...), connect each category to the respective hub / landing page and then use transclusion if we want to show these open tasks in other pages.
And more: Future/Potential projects
Extension requests


--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Talk:How_to_contribute
The following pages link to Talk:How to contribute:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Flow/LQT_conversion_process
The Collaboration team has been running test imports on the three most active LQT pages on Medawiki, and fixed the blockers that came up. (phab:T90788. Example topic comparison: Flow vs LQT)
We’re planning to begin the conversion of actual pages as soon as possible after Monday, April 6th, starting with VisualEditor/Feedback.


Each deployment step depends on successfully completing the previous step, and resolving any critical issues that come up.
The complete list of pages currently using LQT, is further below. The pages to be converted earlier on, are selected based on diversity of size and namespace. We’ll be excluding most user_talk pages, from the early rounds. If you’d like to suggest changes to the list pages, please comment on the talkpage or contact Quiddity (WMF).
All LQT pages will be converted. There is not an opt-out process, because part of the aim is to remove Extension:LiquidThreads from this wiki, so that there's one less extension to (eventually) need to maintain, as well as cleaning up that aspect of the personal-bar at wikis that currently use it.
If there are any problems in the early stages, the schedule will pause.
If there are serious unexpected issues with the conversion (such as data corruption or loss), a rollback will be possible, as all databases are preserved. The main difficulty is that each LQT thread’s current page will be replaced with a redirect to its new Flow location.
(mostly copied from the original announcement)
LQT Threads that are currently on your watchlist, will still be watchlisted as Flow Topics. New Topics created at Flow Boards on your watchlist will appear in your Echo notifications, and you can choose whether or not to watchlist them.
The LQT namespaces will continue to exist. Links to posts/topics will redirect appropriately, and the LQT history will remain available at the original location, as well as being mirrored in the Flow history.
Quick numbers:
This is a list of all LQT pages with 10 or more posts:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Flow/LQT_conversion_process
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Quiddity_(WMF)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Quiddity_(WMF)
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Quiddity_(WMF)
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E7%89%B9%E6%AE%8A%E9%A1%B5%E9%9D%A2

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:特殊页面

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%A6%E7%8A%B6%E6%80%81
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:数学状态
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7
用户，或称注册用户，是指拥有一个维基词典账户的人。虽然即使不用登录，也可阅读维基词典，甚至编辑维基词典的页面，而且维基词典的宗旨正是容许几乎所有人修改几乎所有页面，可是成为维基词典的用户，不仅过程快捷、免费及方便，更可享有一些非注册用户没有的权限。


任何拥有账户的用户，不论注册时间或编辑次数，皆可拥有下列权限。
此外，注册达4天用户将会自动成为自动确认用户，可享用更多权限。详情请参阅Wiktionary:自动确认用户。
共享IP地址（例如学校、办公室及公共图书馆的网络）或代理服务器会经常因防止破坏而遭到封禁。这难免会影响一些无辜的网民。可是，注册用户通常可避免这类封锁，因为封锁一般只会针对未登录的匿名用户。假如阁下欲登记成为用户，但不幸使用被封锁的IP地址，我们建议您尝试下列方法：

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CC-by-sa-3.0%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC
您可自由：
惟须遵守下列條件：
且认识到：
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E9%93%BE%E5%87%BA%E6%9B%B4%E6%94%B9/Wiktionary:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7
这是链接自指定页面（或至指定分类的成员）的页面的最近更改的列表。你的监视列表中的页面以粗体显示。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:链出更改/Wiktionary:用户
这是链接自指定页面（或至指定分类的成员）的页面的最近更改的列表。你的监视列表中的页面以粗体显示。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E8%B4%A1%E7%8C%AE/Jusjih
（最近 | 最早） 查看 (前50个) (后50个) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)。
（最近 | 最早） 查看 (前50个) (后50个) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:用户贡献/Jusjih
（最近 | 最早） 查看 (前50个) (后50个) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)。
（最近 | 最早） 查看 (前50个) (后50个) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E5%89%8D%E7%BC%80%E7%B4%A2%E5%BC%95/User:Jusjih/

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:前缀索引/User:Jusjih/

--URL: http://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:%E5%88%A0%E9%99%A4%E8%AF%B7%E6%B1%82
首页 > 帮助手册 > 删除请求
参见
另外参见维基百科的删除守则 参见：


广告嫌疑颇重。--Guoyunhebrave (留言) 2013年1月6日 (日) 05:08 (UTC)
按互助客棧提案，同題者已提刪於中文維基百科，理由為原創研究及關注度不足。如是者，今亦列案於此，交諸位定其去留。兩週為限。--J.Wong 2013年4月17日 (三) 07:03 (UTC)
維基教科書不能收集原创研究内容。应迁至維基學院或删除。--GZWDer (留言) 2013年5月29日 (三) 12:04 (UTC)
Category:维基儿童所列的子分類多用“Wikijunior:”，少用“ 维基儿童·”。提刪二重覆分類其一，保留另一，切勿兩者都刪除。--Jusjih (留言) 2013年10月9日 (三) 04:30 (UTC)
此內容為原創研究，和之前提刪的广义孪生素数猜想類似--Wolfch (留言) 2013年10月24日 (四) 14:10 (UTC)
原本這個是從維基文庫遷來的。但是在文庫的時候就已經很有爭議了，裡邊還有廣告。參見討論。所以想問問教科書方面的意思。--瓜皮仔＠Canton 2013年11月16日 (六) 03:57 (UTC)
字典內容，建議遷往維基字典。--J.Wong 2013年12月6日 (五) 03:02 (UTC)
注释可能侵权。--GZWDer (留言) 2014年1月15日 (三) 05:07 (UTC)
簡介应该放在维基百科（可能侵权），内容应该放在维基文库。--GZWDer (留言) 2014年2月14日 (五) 10:12 (UTC)
去wikivoyage:zh:富士山旅游矣。--Jusjih (留言) 2014年2月24日 (一) 02:30 (UTC)
也許原作者清空頁面？沒有頁面連結到此頁面。--Jusjih (留言) 2014年3月2日 (日) 08:22 (UTC)
根据gerrit:136234，现在可以作为魔术字使用。--Liuxinyu970226 (留言) 2014年8月8日 (五) 03:55 (UTC)
内容完全为原创研究。--Lucho (留言) 2014年12月28日 (日) 19:17 (UTC)
以及：
维基教科书不收录有版权内容。参见w:维基百科:版权常见问题解答#我是原作者，為什麼不能把文章發表在維基百科？ --GZWDer (留言) 2015年2月27日 (五) 11:42 (UTC)
百科全书内容。--GZWDer (留言) 2015年2月27日 (五) 11:48 (UTC)
没有内容--GZWDer (留言) 2015年2月27日 (五) 11:57 (UTC)
CC SA官方只有1.0版（可使用{{Cc-sa}}），哪来的2.5版？！--Liuxinyu970226 (留言) 2015年2月28日 (六) 01:11 (UTC)
非教科书内容--Bencmq (留言) 2015年3月21日 (六) 18:19 (UTC)

--URL: http://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E
维基教科書不保证有效性
如果您需要具体的建议（例如在医学、法律和风险管理方面），请咨询一名注册或在该领域有能力的专业人士。
并不是维基教科書内所有的内容都经过同行评议；虽然读者可能修正错误或删除错误的内容，他们没有法律义务必须这么做，因此在这里的任何信息都无法保证正确。

--URL: http://ru.wikibooks.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B1%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA:%D0%9E%D1%82%D0%BA%D0%B0%D0%B7_%D0%BE%D1%82_%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%82%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8
Викиучебник (Wikibooks), собрание Интернет-учебников с открытым содержимым, является добровольным сообществом личностей и групп, создающих общее хранилище человеческих знаний. Его строение позволяет любому, кто имеет доступ к Интернету и браузер, изменять его содержание. Поэтому, пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что приведённые здесь сведения по любой из тем могут быть не проверенными профессионалами, обладающими знаниями в соответствующих областях, необходимыми для предоставления вам полной, точной или заслуживающей доверия информации.
Нельзя сказать, что в Викиучебнике не так уж много полезной и точной информации, однако вы должны сознавать, что Викиучебник не может никаким способом гарантировать правильность приведённых в нём данных. Прямо перед тем, как вы их прочли, они могли быть изменены , испорчены, либо написаны тем, чьё мнение отличается от общепринятого в области знаний, интересующей вас.
Никто из авторов, участников, спонсоров, администраторов и лиц, как-либо ещё связанных с Викиучебником, не несёт ответственность за появление неточной или ложной информации, а также за использование вами данных, содержащихся на этих веб-страницах либо найденных по ссылкам с них.
Пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что вся информация, находящаяся здесь, предоставлена свободно, как акт доброй воли, без заключения каких-либо договорённостей или договоров между вами и владельцами или пользователями данного сайта, владельцами серверов, на которых он размещён, авторами Викиучебника, администраторами проекта либо кем-то ещё, любым образом связанными с этим или родственными ему проектами, которые [договора] могут стать предметом прямых претензий. Вам предоставляется ограниченное право копировать содержимое этого сайта — данное право не предусматривает и не подразумевает никакой договорной или иной ответственности за любую часть Викиучебника или её агентов, участников, организаторов или других пользователей.
Любые торговые марки, знаки и названия товаров, служб и организаций, права на дизайн, авторские и смежные права, которые упоминаются, используются или цитируются в статьях, принадлежат их законным владельцам. Их использование здесь не даёт вам право на любое другое использование, кроме предусмотренного авторами статей Википедии в соответствии со схемой лицензирования GNU Free Documentation License. Если не указано иное, Викиучебник и Фонд Викимедиа никак не связаны с правообладателями, и поэтому Викиучебник не может распоряжаться правами на использование материалов, защищённых авторским правом. Вы несёте ответственность за использование этих и подобных материалов.
Обратите внимание, что чтение, распространение или изменение информации, размещённой в Викиучебнике, может являться нарушением законов той страны, в которой вы просматриваете этот сайт. Викиучебник не призывает к нарушению никаких законов, но так как информация сохраняется на сервере в штате Флорида в США, мы пользуемся правами, предоставленными всем Первой поправкой к конституции США и принципами Универсальной декларации прав человека ООН. Законы вашей страны могут трактовать защиту свободы слова не так широко, как законы США или Хартия ООН — в этом случае Викиучебник не несёт ответственности за любые потенциальные нарушения этих законов вами при создании ссылок на этот сайт или другом использовании любой содержащейся здесь информации.
Если вам нужен совет специалиста (например, в области медицины, права, финансов или управления рисками), пожалуйста, обратитесь к профессионалам, имеющим лицензию и знания в данной области.
Несмотря на то, что пользователи могут исправлять ошибки или убирать ошибочные суждения, они не обязаны этого делать. Поэтому вся информация предоставляется без гарантии полезности для любой цели либо пригодности к какому-либо использованию.
Викиучебник не может нести ответственность за любой нанесённый ущерб, так как является добровольным сообществом, свободно организованным для создания открытых образовательных, культурных и информационных ресурсов. Информация предоставляется как акт доброй воли и не существует соглашения или акта о намерениях между вами и Викиучебником относительно использования или изменения информации, не предусмотренного GNU Free Documentation License. Также никто в Викиучебнике не несёт ответственности за изменение, редактирование или удаление любой информации, добавленной вами в Викиучебник или другие связанные с ней проекты.


--URL: https://ru.wikibooks.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B1%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA:%D0%92%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5
Викиучебник — это веб-сайт, где любой посетитель может внести свой вклад в написание учебной литературы: учебников, руководств, инструкций, кулинарных книг и тому подобного. Работает по технологии «вики» и на принципах свободы информации: каждый может создать и изменить любую страницу любого викиучебника, и каждый может бесплатно читать, копировать, издавать и изменять его содержание.
Викиучебник был создан 10 июля 2003 года (русский раздел, фактически — годом позже), после рождения и расцвета Википедии, — интернет-энциклопедии, работающей на подобных принципах. В Википедии вы можете найти энциклопедические сведения о ней самой, Викиучебнике, и о компании, которая их поддерживает — Фонде Викимедиа, и о многом другом.
Вы можете помочь нам, написав учебник или дополнив существующие. Только сперва прочитайте справку и «поиграйтесь» в «Песочнице». Если и после того останутся вопросы, вы можете задать их на соответствующих страницах обсуждения или на форуме.

--URL: https://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:%E6%AC%A2%E8%BF%8E
不管怎麼說，只要是在中立、互重、非商業和不違反他人版權的情況下，大家都可以自由地編寫任何類型的教科書、參考書或手冊。
入门帮助
更多内容参见Help:目录
社区联络

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81%E6%94%BF%E7%AD%96
想要帮助翻译？翻译缺失的信息。
Because we believe that you shouldn’t have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
我们承诺：
请注意：


The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and Wiktionary.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more useable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you shouldn't have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your nonpublic information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.

Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:

We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like “tracking pixels” and “cookies” used in the Privacy Policy. Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our Glossary of Key Terms helpful.

Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
清晰地说，这份隐私权政策覆盖（不论语言）：
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the Wikimedia Shop) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on Wikimedia Labs). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.

This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Where community policies govern information, such as the CheckUser policy, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.



Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
The Wikimedia Sites were primarily created to help you share your knowledge with the world, and we share your contributions because you have asked us to do so.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.

You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address.
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your IP address.
想要创建账户？很好！不想创建账户？也没问题！
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device.
If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services, and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that.

We may use common technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
We use this information to enhance your user experience and to develop new features.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.

Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information helps us administer the Wikimedia Sites and enhance your user experience.
Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.

We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more personalized experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as cookies and local storage. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data can be anything from text, pictures, and whole articles (as we explain further below) to personal information (like your IP address) and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit).
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at privacy@wikimedia.org.
本地存储的数据、JavaScript和追踪像素帮助您：
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our FAQ.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our FAQ. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features may not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through public logs alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site. Information available through public logs will not include personal information about you.

If you choose to provide your email address, we will keep it confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you emails about important information.
You may choose to opt out of certain kinds of notifications.
You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with the Wikimedia Sites. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential, except as provided in this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.
We use your email address to let you know about things that are happening with the Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites, or the Wikimedia movement, such as telling you important information about your account, letting you know if something is changing about the Wikimedia Sites or policies, and alerting you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow. Please note that if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and any other information you provide us, so that we can process and respond to your request.
You can choose to limit some of these kinds of notifications, like those alerting you if an article changes. Others, such as those containing critical information that all users need to know to participate successfully in the Wikimedia Sites, you may not be able to opt out of. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our FAQ.
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive such an email, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email.
Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.

We may ask you to provide us with information through a survey or provide feedback, but you will never be obligated to participate.
Participating in optional surveys or providing feedback helps us make the Wikimedia Sites better. Because every survey and request for feedback may be used for various purposes, we will tell you, at the time we give you the survey or request for feedback, how we plan on using your answers and any personal information you provide. If you don't feel comfortable with how we plan on using the survey or feedback results, you are not obligated to take the survey or give feedback.


If you consent, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. But it's completely up to you whether or not you want us to use geolocation tools to make some features available to you. If you consent, we can use GPS (and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our FAQ.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Sometimes, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive metadata, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.

When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, which can be used to infer your geographical location.
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.


We may share your information when you give us specific permission to do so.

We may share your information for a particular purpose, if you agree. You can find more information in the list of examples in our FAQ.

We will disclose your information in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. We will notify you of such requests when possible.
We may access, preserve, or disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your personal information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
有关更多信息，参见传票常见问题。

In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days notice before any personal information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We, or users with certain administrative rights, may disclose information that is reasonably necessary to:
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, may need to share your personal information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups that have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our Access to Nonpublic Information Policy. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your personal information if we believe that it's reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ for more information.)

We may disclose personal information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers or contractors who help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We may give access to your personal information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)

We may give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We may also share non-personal or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we may give some developers limited access to systems that contain your personal information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we may share non-personal or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to personal information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your personal information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our FAQ.)

Information that you post is public and can been seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your user page or elsewhere.


We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your personal information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).

We only keep your personal information as long as necessary to maintain, understand, and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with U.S. law.
Once we receive personal information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law. Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)
Please remember that certain information is retained and displayed indefinitely, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the Wikimedia Sites.

为了保护维基媒体基金会和其他用户，如果你不认同这份隐私权政策，你不能使用维基媒体网站。

You are consenting to the use of your information in the U.S. and to the transfer of that information to other countries in connection to providing our services to you and others.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure, and other uses of your information in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the transfer of your information by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.

We do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We are strongly committed to not sharing nonpublic information with third parties. In particular, we do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited (including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms), nor do we share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the “When May We Share Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal.
For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our FAQ.

Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any subsequent version of this Privacy Policy becomes effective, following notice as outlined above, constitutes acceptance of that version of the Privacy Policy on your part.

如果你对这份隐私权政策或依据这份隐私权政策收集的信息有意见或建议，请给我们发送电子邮件privacy@wikimedia.org，或直接联系我们。

感谢你阅读我们的隐私权政策。我们希望你能享受对维基媒体网站的使用，并感谢你对创建、维护和持续改进世界上最大的自由知识库的参与。
请注意，在这份隐私权政策的原始英语版本和语言译本之间有任何含义或解释上的差异的情形时，原始英语版本优先。
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Confidentiality agreement · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy


--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Meta:General_disclaimer

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Meta:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Meta:General disclaimer:

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:LogoBodoWiskaJuli2003TWO.png
Image by Bodo Wiska, Berlin
i.e. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. Subject to disclaimers.
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following 2 pages link to this file:

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/File:LogoBodoWiskaJuli2003TWO.png
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/File:LogoBodoWiskaJuli2003TWO.png
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/MarcoAurelio
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:PrefixIndex/User:MarcoAurelio/

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:MarcoAurelio/tags.js
Note: After saving, you may have to bypass your browser's cache to see the changes.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:MarcoAurelio/sandbox/Template:Spambot

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:DeletedContributions/MarcoAurelio/sandbox/Template:Spambot
You do not have permission to view this page's deleted history, for the following reason:
The action you have requested is limited to users in the group: Administrators.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Meta:Administrators
An administrator is a user who can protect and unprotect pages, delete and undelete pages, block and unblock users, and perform a variety of other tasks (see full list here). To become an administrator, make a request at Requests for adminship and meet the requirements listed there and below.
For a list of administrators on other Wikimedia projects, see Administrators of Wikimedia projects.
For current administrators: Template:AdminWelcome contains some handy links.


To request administrator access on Meta, you need to:
Ill-considered nominations for adminship can be draining and deflating to both community and candidate. Any successful candidate will need to demonstrate sufficient experience within the Wikimedia community, in addition to a familiarity with Meta. If a candidate is not already a local administrator or holder of advanced permissions on a Wikimedia content project, he or she is less likely pass a request for adminship at Meta.
The request is made at Requests for adminship, with at least one week allocated for the community to express opinions. The candidate will be named sysop here only if approved by at least 75% of participants. All editors with an account on Meta, at least one active account on any Wikimedia project, and a link between the two, may participate and give their opinion on the candidate.
If the candidate becomes a sysop, they should add their name to Administrator list, and ensure they keep a valid user name page, links to at least one other project, and valid contact. Administrators not respecting these rules will be desysoped.
See also: //tools.wmflabs.org/supercount/index.php?user=UserName&project=meta.wikimedia
It is helpful for some people to have access to protected pages on Meta (related to languages files). In such cases, two options are possible:
Sysop access can be granted temporarily. For example, people starting up a new project need to be able to work on some protected pages on Meta to set up their project. Usually, temporary sysop status will be removed after 30 days, but in certain cases temporary administrators may be granted longer periods or sometimes an indefinite period.
Any sysop inactive on Meta will be desysopped. "Inactivity" is normally defined as fewer than 10 logged actions in the past six months. Desysopping is formally undertaken at Meta:Administrators/Removal. Users who are desysopped may reapply through the regular avenue.
The next formal administrator review takes place on: 1 October 2015 (update)
Administrators should avoid using their tools in situations where they may not be impartial. Those situations include using the tools in disputes in which they are involved parties. If the administrator is in doubt, the administrator is encouraged to ask for opinions, or to ask another administrator to take the case to Meta:Requests for help from a sysop or bureaucrat.
The following users have sysop rights on Meta. (See also auto-generated lists of administrators, bureaucrats, checkusers, oversighters and stewards.)


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Meta:Administrators
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/188.29.164.30


This is the contributions page for an IP user, identified by the user's numerical IP address. Some IP addresses change periodically, and may be shared by several users. If you are an IP user, you may create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other IP users. Registering also hides your IP address. [WHOIS · rDNS · Traceroute · Geolocate (Alternate) · Tor check · Current blocks · Global contributions] · [RIRs: America · Europe · Africa · Asia-Pacific · Latin America/Caribbean]

--URL: http://whois.arin.net/rest/ip/188.29.164.30.html


By using the ARIN Whois service, you are agreeing to the Whois Terms of Use © Copyright 1997 - 2014, American Registry for Internet Numbers

--URL: http://www.arin.net/whois_tou.html
Effective: 9 April 2014
Please read the following Whois Service Terms of Use (these "Terms") carefully because, by accessing and using the Whois database available on ARIN.net ("Whois Service"), you accept and agree to them. These Terms form an agreement between you and American Registry for Internet Numbers ("ARIN").  By using the Whois Service, you represent to us that you are legally competent to enter into this agreement.
These Terms apply to any use of the Whois Service, including compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of ARIN Whois data.
The Whois Service is to be used for Internet operational or technical research purposes, including:
You are specifically prohibited from using the Whois Service (i) as part of a commercial service or product, including the solicitation and servicing of your, or your employer's, customers, even if additional data not derived from the Whois Service is incorporated or (ii) for advertising, direct marketing, marketing research or similar purposes.
If you provide access to the Whois Service to third parties in accordance with these Terms, you must provide the data subject to terms that are at least as restrictive as the provisions of these Terms. You shall be responsible for any use of the Whois Service by such third party as if you had engaged in the activity yourself.
Unless ARIN provides specific prior written authorization, no other use of the Whois Service other than as expressly described in these Terms is implied or permitted. Please contact info@arin.net if you would like to discuss possible uses of the Whois Service that are not described in these Terms.  
The Effective Date of these Terms is set forth at the top of this webpage. We do not intend to change these Terms very often but reserve the right to do so. We will not make changes that have retroactive effect unless we are legally required to do so. Whenever possible, we will notify you in advance of changes to these Terms. Unless otherwise noted on this webpage, the Terms, as changed, will become effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted.
Certain services offered on or through ARIN.net may be governed by other terms and conditions presented in conjunction with them. You must agree to the other terms before using such services. These Terms and any other terms will apply equally. If any additional term is irrevocably inconsistent with any provision of these Terms, the other term will prevail.
Please make sure that you carefully read our Privacy Statement available at https://www.arin.net/privacy.html to learn about the information that ARIN collects and how we process it.
ARIN warrants that it has validly entered into these Terms and has the legal power to do so. You warrant that you have validly entered into these Terms and have the legal power to do so.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, THE Whois SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ARIN specifically disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from defects, uninterrupted use and all warranties implied from any course of dealing or usage of trade. ARIN does not warrant that (a) the Whois Service will meet your requirements, (b) operation of the Whois Service will be uninterrupted or virus- or error-free or (c) errors will be corrected. Any oral or written advice provided by ARIN or its authorized agents does not and will not create any warranty. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES WHICH MEANS THAT SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You agree to indemnify and defend ARIN and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all losses, liabilities, actual or pending claims, actions, damages, expenses, costs of defense and reasonable attorneys' fees brought against ARIN by any third party arising from your use of Whois Service or any violation of these Terms, the rights of a third party or applicable law. ARIN reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification hereunder. In any event, no settlement that affects the rights or obligations of ARIN may be made without ARIN's prior written approval.
These Terms are governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of such state, and are binding upon the parties hereto in the United States and worldwide. You and ARIN agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the interpretation or construction of these Terms.
YOU AND ARIN AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION IN THE MANNER SPECIFIED IN THIS SECTION [6] AND THAT YOU AND ARIN WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING SUCH CLAIMS BEFORE ANY COURT OF LAW.
YOU AND ARIN FURTHER AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or clASS member in any PURPORTED class or representative action or proceeding. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT, SUCH AS ACCESS TO DISCOVERY, ALSO MAY BE UNAVAILABLE OR LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
Any dispute between you and ARIN and its agents, employees, officers, directors, principals, successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively for purposes of this Section [6], "ARIN Parties") arising from or relating to these Terms and their interpretation or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from these Terms, including disputes about the validity, scope or enforceability of this agreement to arbitration (collectively, "Covered Disputes") will be settled by binding arbitration in the U.S. State of Virginia administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules in effect on the date thereof. Prior to initiating any arbitration, the initiating party will give the other party at least 60 days' advanced written notice of its intent to file for arbitration. ARIN will provide such notice by mail or e-mail using the contact information on file with ARIN and you must provide such notice by mail to ARIN, Attn: Legal Department, 3635 Concorde Parkway, Suite 200, Chantilly, Virginia 20151.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. If, however, you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, ARIN will pay as much of the filing, administration and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive for you. If the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration are frivolous, you agree to reimburse ARIN for all fees associated with the arbitration that ARIN paid on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
A single arbitrator will be selected in accordance with the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language. The arbitrator will have the power to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity and any award of the arbitrator will be final and binding on each of the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will not, however, have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages, the right to which each party hereby waives. The arbitrator will apply applicable law and the provisions of these Terms and the failure to do so will be deemed an excess of arbitral authority and grounds for judicial review. The arbitrator's decision must be with written explanation and remain confidential. ARIN and you agree that any Covered Dispute will be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis only. Neither ARIN nor you are entitled to arbitrate any Covered Dispute as a class, representative or private-attorney action and the arbitrator will have no authority to proceed on a class, representative or private attorney general basis. If any provision of the agreement to arbitrate in this Section [6] is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be severed and the remaining arbitration terms will be enforced (but in no case will there be a class, representative or private attorney general arbitration). Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, notice on any claim arising from or related to these Terms must be made within one (1) year after such claim arose or be forever barred. For purposes of this Section [6], these Terms and related transactions will be subject to and governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. sec. 1-16 (FAA).
Please Note: By agreeing to these Terms, you explicitly agree that any claims or actions that you may otherwise have against ARIN under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the United States are hereby waived, including without limitation, any claims or actions under the laws of your own country, and that your sole location and applicable law for any disputes is in the United States according to the terms of this Section 6.
These Terms automatically terminate when you fail to comply with any term or condition of them. ARIN may terminate or modify your access to Whois Service, with or without notice to you, at any time for any reason. For example, access to Whois Service may be denied without notice if ARIN believes that you are not at least age 13.
Your affirmative act of using the Whois Service constitutes your electronic signature to these Terms (which include our Privacy Statement), and your consent to enter into agreements with ARIN electronically.
By using the ARIN Whois service, you are agreeing to the Whois Terms of Use © Copyright 1997 - 2015, American Registry for Internet Numbers


--URL: https://www.arin.net/abuse.html
In an effort to avoid confusion on the issue of network abuse, ARIN has compiled a list of answers to frequently asked questions. It is hoped that all of your questions pertaining to network abuse and ARIN are answered here. However, if after looking at this page you still have questions, please visit the relevant links to other sites that are included on the right. If you have additional questions about ARIN, please check out the About Us section of our website.
The American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN) is a nonprofit corporation that serves users of Internet number resources, such as Internet Service Providers, governments, and end-users in its region. ARIN's service region includes Canada, the United States, and several islands in the Caribbean Sea and North Atlantic Ocean.
ARIN is one of five Regional Internet Registries (RIRs) worldwide that provide Internet number resource services to all regions of the globe.
While it may appear in some Internet tools that ARIN is a source of network abuse directed at you or your networks, this is not the case. Many current software programs designed to detect network abuse are configured to query only one of the five RIR Whois databases for identification purposes. If the software is unable to find an exact match, it may return results indicating ARIN is the source of the abuse. However, this usually means that the software has failed to query the other Whois databases.
If this happens, you may wish to query the ARIN Whois database directly for further information. The web version of Whois is available through the box at the top of every page of ARIN's website.
The ARIN Whois database contains detailed information for IP address ranges registered within ARIN's region. The ARIN Whois database also contains records for IP address ranges associated with other RIRs, including AFRINIC (Africa), APNIC (Asia Pacific Region), LACNIC (Latin America), and RIPE NCC (Europe, Middle East, and parts of Asia), but does not include information on delegations below the RIR level for these ranges.
Another possibility is that the source of the network abuse may be spoofing an IP address. The links on the right have some excellent advice on identifying legitimate IP information.
Generally, the first step is to report fraudulent activity to the abuser's ISP, which will be listed as the organization that was delegated the IP address space. Most ISPs are responsive to concerns about hackers and spammers on their networks. If you are unsuccessful in resolving this situation with the ISP, you may wish to contact local law enforcement in your area.
ARIN maintains the Whois database as a service to the global Internet community. This database may be used by any individual in an attempt to identify the organization that has been delegated use of a specific IP address range. The database does not contain information regarding specific individual users of single addresses. ARIN does not have the authority to investigate or prosecute claims of hacking or mail abuse.
ARIN does not have the authority to pursue spammers or hackers.
Hacking is generally defined as someone attempting to gain improper access to your system or network. Hackers may be looking for passwords, credit card information, or may be trying to do harm to your system.
You may wish to review the links on the right for more information on how to prevent and detect hackers.
It is possible that this address range has not been assigned by a Regional Internet Registry yet. Before ruling out this possibility, you may wish to review the Whois databases for the other four regional registries:
The responsibility for maintaining the contact information belongs to the organization that is associated with the record. In cases where the information you find in Whois is out of date, please contact hostmaster@arin.net via email, and be sure to include the record you are referring to, and why you believe it is incorrect. ARIN staff will then investigate, and work to get updated information from the responsible organization. If ARIN staff is unable to get updated information, it will mark the results in Whois accordingly.
By using the ARIN Whois service, you are agreeing to the Whois Terms of Use © Copyright 1997 - 2015, American Registry for Internet Numbers

--URL: http://www.doshelp.com

--URL: http://www.doshelp.com/st.aspx

--URL: http://digital.net/%7Egandalf/spamfaq.html
This page uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.
Residential Services
Business Services
Get In Touch
INTERNET ACCESS
WEB SITES
SOFTWARE & TOOLS
EARTHLINK CORPORATE

--URL: http://support.earthlink.net/chat

--URL: http://www.liveperson.com
One-on-one chat. Targeted messages. Don't underestimate the power of connection...

Customize your web strategy to enhance visitors' experiences based on their purchase history, personal devices, specific locations, and actual intent.
Finally, check in whenever you want to track your customers and see exactly how your engagements are affecting their behaviors. You can even fine-tune content as needed to improve their experiences (as well as your results).
From financial services to the healthcare industry, from mom-and-pop shops to the world's leading brands, anyone can use LivePerson to help customers, convert site visitors, and bolster sales. But hey — don't take our word for it! Just ask around.

PrestoExperts a LivePerson Company
Get live one-on-one online assistance in education, law, business, design and more.

--URL: http://www.liveperson.com/policies/terms-of-use
These Terms of Use apply to the services, software, mobile applications and websites of LivePerson, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates ("LivePerson"), as further described below.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS.
In addition to any agreement that you or your company has with LivePerson for the use of LivePerson's services ("Agreement"), the services that LivePerson provides to you and your company are subject to the following Terms of Use ("TOU"). LivePerson reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice. The most current version of the TOU can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our web pages. Any changes to the TOU will be effective immediately upon posting on the LivePerson website and you and your company agree to the TOU by continuing the use of the Services (as defined below).
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES.
As our customer, LivePerson provides you or your company with access to a variety of software and services as well as information, communities, forums and the like on our website (collectively, "Services"). All these Services are subject to the TOU, as revised from time to time.
RIGHTS IN SERVICES.
LivePerson and its suppliers are the sole owners of all the intellectual property, and in particular the copyright, trademarks (including A World of Experts, HumanClick, LiveCall, LiveEngage, LivePerson, LP Marketer, Timpani, and We Humanize the Web; and all related logos), trade secrets, database and patents, in the Services. LivePerson shall retain all ownership in and to Services and, subject to the Agreement, all data transferred or received through the Services.
Use of the Services is governed by the applicable Agreement and this TOU. You and your company shall not use the Services or LivePerson's intellectual property except as specifically authorized under your Agreement and this TOU. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly authorized by applicable law or your Agreement, you and your company shall not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform or create derivative works based on the Services. In addition, you and your company shall not adapt or use any trademark, trade name, or domain name similar to or likely to be confused with that of LivePerson or LivePerson.com, or take any other action which infringes or impairs LivePerson's trademark rights.
Any reproduction, redistribution or use of the Services not in accordance with the Agreement and this TOU is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
LivePerson may prosecute violators to the maximum extent possible.
Certain of the Services allow you to upload or import photos and other intellectual property. By uploading or importing such intellectual property you thereby grant to LivePerson and its subsidiaries, agents, contractors, licensees and successors in business an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, distribute, modify, edit, display, adapt, create derivative works from and market and promote the content, for any commercial purposes, and in any medium now existing or hereinafter developed, and may sublicense to a third party the same, and to use, or allow such third party to use, your name, and likeness without your prior approval or the payment of any compensation. In addition, you agree that by submitting content to the site, you hereby expressly permit LivePerson, and any third party permitted by LivePerson, to identify you as the contributor of such content. You represent and warrant that you have all of the foregoing rights in the intellectual property to grant to LivePerson and its subsidiaries, agents, contractors, licensees and successors in business.
REGISTRATION
If any portion of the Services requires you or your company to register, you and your company must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You and your company are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of using the Services, you and your company shall not use the Services or any portion of your website(s) or mobile applications for any purpose that is unlawful, unethical or prohibited by the Agreement or this TOU or that could create liability for LivePerson. You and your company must not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any LivePerson server, or the network(s) connected to any LivePerson server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Services. You and your company shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any LivePerson server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You and your company shall not operate robots or spiders to scan LivePerson's databases or web pages. You and your company shall not use "deep linking" to LivePerson's web pages.
COMPANY'S COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
As a condition of using the Services, you and your company shall (a) as required by applicable law, provide notice to your customers and obtain consent if required for use of LivePerson's Services (such as, regarding LivePerson's monitoring features), in your privacy policy and as otherwise required; (b) be responsible for your employees and agents that use the Services provided by LivePerson; (c) comply with any limitations or restrictions set forth in these TOU and the Agreement, and (d) use the Services only in compliance with applicable law.
MISUSE OF COMMUNICATIONS
The Services contain message and communication facilities designed to enable you or your company to communicate with others. You and your company agree to use the Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and permitted by applicable law. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Services, you and your company will not:
MONITORING OF THE SERVICE
LivePerson has no obligation to monitor the Services. However, LivePerson reserves the right to review materials sent through the Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.
LivePerson does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Services and, therefore, LivePerson specifically disclaims any liability with regard to such content, messages or information.
REMEDIES FOR MISUSE
Without limiting other remedies, LivePerson may limit, suspend or terminate the Services and your company's accounts, delay or remove your company's content, or use other technical and legal measures to stop you and your company from causing harm, if LivePerson believes that your company's activities are creating problems, possible legal liabilities, or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these TOU or LivePerson policies.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY WARRANTED IN THE AGREEMENT, ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND LIVEPERSON HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL LIVEPERSON OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS OR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
PRIVACY AND PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
See our Privacy Policy relating to the collection and use of information in connection with the Services stated here: http://www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy
 
 
APPLICATIONS
From time to time, third party software applications, plug in or other add-on online applications that integrate, interoperate or interact with LivePerson's Services ("Applications") may become available. If you or your company chooses to install, access or enable an Application, you and your company agree that the third party Application provider may acquire access to your and company's account data and information data as required for the interoperation or integration of such Application, and Applications are not, for the avoidance of doubt, considered Services under these Terms of Use and are not maintained, monitored, tested, controlled, endorsed, provided, verified, validated or reviewed by LivePerson. Accordingly, such Applications are governed by their own terms and conditions and are not considered Services under the Agreement. You and your company assume full responsibility for any damages, losses, costs, or harms arising from the use of or inability to use such Applications. To the extent permitted by law, LivePerson disclaims all liabilities with respect to you and your company’s use of or inability to use such Applications and the performance or non-performance of such Applications (including direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages). LivePerson has no obligation to monitor such Applications and does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in such Applications and specifically disclaims any liability with regard to such content, messages or information. LivePerson does not monitor or control such Applications’ service limitation, suspension or termination of their services and specifically disclaims any liability with regard to such Applications’ service limitation, suspension or termination. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY WARRANTED IN THIS TOU, ALL SUCH APPLICATIONS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND LIVEPERSON HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO SUCH APPLICATIONS’ SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
LIVEPERSON INSIGHTS
See our LivePerson Insights Terms of Use here: http://www.liveperson.com/policies/terms-of-use/lp-insights
 
TERMINATION BY YOUR COMPANY
If either you or your company wish to terminate the Services for any reason, you must comply with the termination provisions set forth in the Agreement. For the Agreement that is the online EULA, LivePerson's cancellation procedure is stated here.
TERMINATION BY LIVEPERSON
LivePerson reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever.
U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
Any software which is downloaded from the Services for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government"), is provided with Restricted Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in the Agreement and this TOU, as applicable. Manufacturer is LivePerson, Inc.
NOTICES AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.
LivePerson respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our customers to do the same. LivePerson may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the account or access of customers who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide LivePerson's Copyright Agent the following information:
LivePerson's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail: Copyright Agent c/o LivePerson, Inc., Legal Department 475 10th Avenue, 5th Floor New York, NY 10018 USA By phone: 917-591-3027 - in the U.S. By fax: 917-591-3027 - in the U.S. By e-mail: copyright@liveperson.com
 
GENERAL
This TOU will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles, and You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York, New York with regard to any dispute arising out of or related to this TOU. If any provision of this TOU or part thereof is held to be unenforceable, that provision or part thereof will be removed, a substitute provision implied that meets as closely as possible the intent of the severed provision and the remaining provisions will remain in full force. The waiver by LivePerson of any default or breach of this TOU shall not constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. You may not assign, transfer or encumber this TOU, by contract or by law, in any way without LivePerson’s prior written consent; any attempted assignment, transfer or encumbrance in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void and of no effect. No person that is not a party to this TOU shall have or acquire any rights by reason of this TOU, nor shall LivePerson have any obligation or liability whatsoever to any such person except as otherwise expressly set forth herein. This TOU constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement of LivePerson and You relating to the subject matter hereof, and supercedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements and communications, and or advertising with respect thereto.
CHANGES TO TERMS
LivePerson may change the terms of this TOU from time to time. Any changes will take effect after they are posted. You should check periodically for changes to these terms.
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE USE OF THE LIVEPERSON COMMUNITY PORTION OF THE LIVEPERSON.COM WEBSITE
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By visiting the LivePerson Community website at http://community.liveperson.com (the “Community Website”) and/or using any tools, services, features and/or material made available on the Community Website, You (as an individual or the entity on whose behalf You are acting) agree to be legally bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Community Terms of Use (the "Community ToU"). By entering into this Community ToU, You represent that You have the authority to bind the entity on whose behalf you are acting to this Community ToU, and the terms “You” and “Your” will refer to You and that entity. If You do not have that authority, or if You do not agree with any terms of the Community ToU: (a) You must leave the LivePerson Community; (b) You may not use any tools, services, features or materials made available on or through the Community Website; and (c) You must delete any and all tools and materials that you may have downloaded from the Community Website.
 
Individual sub-communities, spaces and groups of the Community Website may have additional specific term and conditions that will also apply, in addition to those set forth here. LivePerson reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Community ToU periodically. Such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Community ToU to the Community Website. Your continued use of the Community Website and/or any tools, services, features and/or material (collectively, “Community Materials”) following the posting of modifications to the Community ToU will mean that You accept those changes and Your continued use of Community Website will be governed by the updated Community ToU. LivePerson reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Community Website (or any part thereof). LivePerson shall not be liable to You, Your entity, any other user or any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Community Website.
 
SERVICES
LivePerson Community is an online community of LivePerson customers, including both current and potential customers, members, experts, employees and other third parties. LivePerson Community allows You to participate in discussions and forums related to current and future LivePerson Services. LivePerson Community also allows You to have access to applications that may interoperate with LivePerson Services (“Applications”). LivePerson Community allows you to review, install and download such Applications.
 
REGISTRATION
As a LivePerson Community user, You must: (1) personally provide true, accurate, current and complete information on the LivePerson Community’s website registration form (collectively, the "Registration Data") and (2) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data as necessary to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You will enter a password and username and receive account details upon completion of the registration process. You are wholly responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account details and are wholly liable for all activities occurring thereunder. LivePerson will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with this Section “Registration” including, but not limited to any loss or damage arising from Your failure to immediately notify LivePerson of any unauthorized use of Your password, account or any other breach of security. LivePerson handles user Registration Data in accordance with the LivePerson’s Privacy Policy located at www.liveperson.com. LivePerson reserves the right to revoke Your use of LivePerson Community at any time in their sole discretion.
 
DATA
All information, data, text, software, graphics, commentary data, video, messages, or any other materials whatsoever, (collectively, "Data"), is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Data originated. You are wholly responsible for all Data You download, post or otherwise transmit via the LivePerson Community website. If you use LivePerson Community, you should be aware that any Data you submit there may be read, collected, and used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. LivePerson is not responsible for the Data that you choose to submit in the LivePerson Community. LivePerson shall have the right in its sole discretion to refuse, modify or delete any Data that it reasonably considers to violate the terms of the Community ToU or it deems to be otherwise illegal, offensive or indecent. LivePerson may preserve Data and may also disclose Data if required to do so by judicial or government mandate or as reasonably determined useful by LivePerson to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of LivePerson, LivePerson customers, LivePerson Community users or the public. LivePerson does not control or endorse the Data posted to the LivePerson Community website, nor does it guarantee the accuracy or integrity of such Data and as such, You bear all risk associated with reliance on such Data. LivePerson will not be liable in any way for any loss or damage (including but not limited to any loss or damage due to an error or omission of LivePerson) incurred as the result of the use, representation or interpretation of any Data posted, transmitted or made available through LivePerson Community.
 
USER POSTINGS/LICENSE RIGHTS OF LIVEPERSON
With respect to any Data stored by publicly-accessible LivePerson Community website features such as blogging forums, blogging, libraries, any other data collection feature, the submitting user retains ownership of such content. In each such case, the submitting user grants LivePerson a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such Data (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, all subject to the terms of any applicable license. Any Data posted by LivePerson on the LivePerson Community website is and shall remain the sole property of LivePerson and shall be treated as Confidential Information in accordance with the below, and may not be copied, modified, moved, translated, adapted, distributed or displayed without LivePerson’s prior written permission.
 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
You understand and agree that in connection with the LivePerson Community, You may have had or have access to or may have been or be exposed to, directly or indirectly, private or confidential information of LivePerson, including, but not limited to, trade secrets, contractual terms, service records, marketing and business plans and technical information, and any other information that You reasonably should know is confidential ("Confidential Information"). You agree to hold and treat all Confidential Information in confidence, shall use such Confidential Information only in connection with Your exercise of its rights and performance of its obligations hereunder and shall not, without the prior written consent of LivePerson, disclose any Confidential Information except (a) disclosure by the You to its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, if any, on a need-to-know basis; (b) to the extent such Confidential Information becomes publicly available without breach of the Community ToU; (c) to the extent such Confidential Information becomes known to You from a source other than LivePerson, other than by breach of a confidentiality obligation; and (d) as may be required by law, applicable regulation or judicial process, provided, however, that if You are required to disclose such Confidential Information by applicable law, regulation or legal process, You shall promptly notify LivePerson of such pending disclosure and consult with LivePerson prior to such disclosure as to the advisability of seeking a protective order or other means of preserving the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section shall not prevent the communication of Confidential Information (other than contractual terms, including, but not limited to, pricing of the LivePerson Services) by the receiving party to other members of the LivePerson Community solely as part of such party’s participation in the LivePerson Community.
 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Trademarks or service marks of LivePerson may not be used in any manner without LivePerson’s express prior written consent. LivePerson respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requires that the people who use LivePerson Community website do the same. If You believe that Your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, You may notify us by in writing in accordance with the Copyright Policy located at www.liveperson.com.
 
RESTRICTIONS
In addition to the Restrictions set forth above, You shall ensure that You and Your users, will not do any of the following in connection with use of or access to LivePerson Community:
(a) make available or provide any content or information that is confidential, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
(b) damage, impair, disable, or overburden the LivePerson hosting or expert platform or in any way interfere with LivePerson’s rights or any other user’s use and enjoyment of LivePerson Community;
(c) sell, resell, or offer for any commercial purposes, any portion of LivePerson Community;
(d) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a LivePerson official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your affiliation with a person or entity or collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities;
(e) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that You do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (including, but not limited to, inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements, including, but not limited to confidential information received from LivePerson pursuant to the LivePerson services);
(f) You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any LivePerson servers, through hacking, password mining or any other means or obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Web Sites or Materials;
(g) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
(h) use information obtained from the LivePerson Community (1) to compete with products and services offered by LivePerson or (2) for any other purpose other than for your relationship with LivePerson.
(i) send or otherwise make available any information or material that may constitute or encourage conduct that is a criminal offense or civil wrong, e.g. insider trading information about a company or proprietary or confidential information of a third party;
(j) falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material that is sent; or
(k) provide material support or resources (or conceal or disguise the nature, location, source or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government.
 
LivePerson may enforce the terms of this Community ToU by any legal means, including, but not limited to, warning You of violations, terminating Your ability to use LivePerson Community, editing or removing content You post to the LivePerson Community or prohibiting any behavior that does not comply with this Community ToU. You warrant to LivePerson that You will not use LivePerson Community or any of the content obtained from the LivePerson Community website for any use prohibited by this Community ToU or otherwise unlawful.
 
DISCLAIMER
You agree that You bear all risks associated with using or relying on Applications, Data or content on the LivePerson Community website. LivePerson does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, completeness, usefulness, non-infringement, or quality of any Application(s), Data or content on the LivePerson Community website and as such, You should perform all the necessary research to determine the risk of using a third party Application, relying on any third party content or Data from the LivePerson Community website (including but not limited to data privacy or security assessments). You acknowledge that LivePerson may or may not moderate or pre-screen Data or other user’s Data.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold LivePerson and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees harmless from any claims by third parties, and any related damages, losses or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs), arising out of or related to Data You submit to or publish on LivePerson Community, (ii) Your use of LivePerson Community, (iii)Your breach of the terms and conditions of this Community ToU and (iv) Your alleged violation of any rights of a third party in connection with Your use of the LivePerson Community. LivePerson may, at its sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification. The assumption of such defense or control by LivePerson, however, shall not excuse You from any of Your indemnity obligations.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some of the information on the LivePerson Community may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of LivePerson. Words such as "expects," "goals," "plans," "believes," "continues," "may," and variations of such words and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to or may imply future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. All such statements that are not historical facts are based on our current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the actual events or results may differ materially. Please refer to the LivePerson’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically, our most recent earnings release and our most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for more information on the risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements.

Start today with our 30 day FREE trial ... no strings attached!
Get live one-on-one online assistance in education, law, business, design and more.


--URL: http://www.liveperson.com/policies/terms-of-use/lp-insights
LivePerson Insights is a subscription based research product. As such, Company recognizes the uncertainties inherent in any analysis or information that may be provided as part of LivePerson Insights, and acknowledges that LivePerson Insights is not a substitute for Company’s independent evaluation and analysis, and should not be considered a recommendation to pursue any course of action.  LivePerson shall not be liable for any loss, damage, actions or decisions that the Company may take based on its use of LivePerson Insights (including, without limitation, any information or data contained therein, or provided to Company).  Company understands that it assumes the entire risk with respect to the use of LivePerson Insights. LivePerson provides LivePerson Insights AS IS, and disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purposes, and non-infringement.
LivePerson Insights is a stand-alone offering, and any obligations LivePerson may have under any Master Services Agreement or any other agreement in which LivePerson provides hosted and/or professional services to Company (“Services Agreement”) shall not apply to Company’s use LivePerson Insights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, LivePerson may terminate all or a portion of the LivePerson Insights services set forth in a LivePerson Insights Order Form (or similar agreement for services) upon 30 days notice to Company, or immediately if:  a) Company fails to pay for any outstanding invoices, b) the Services Agreement between LivePerson and Company is terminated, or c) any third party licensor terminates any agreement to provide services in support of LivePerson Insights.
LivePerson shall retain all intellectual property rights to LivePerson Insights. Company shall use LivePerson Insights in accordance with applicable laws, and if required by applicable law, shall provide notice to Company’s customers and obtain consent if required, for use of LivePerson Insights. Customer acknowledges and agrees that use of LivePerson Insights may require de-encryption of chat transcripts

Start today with our 30 day FREE trial ... no strings attached!
Get live one-on-one online assistance in education, law, business, design and more.

--URL: http://www.liveperson.com/jp/policies/terms-of-use/lp-insights
LivePerson Insights is a subscription based research product. As such, Company recognizes the uncertainties inherent in any analysis or information that may be provided as part of LivePerson Insights, and acknowledges that LivePerson Insights is not a substitute for Company’s independent evaluation and analysis, and should not be considered a recommendation to pursue any course of action.  LivePerson shall not be liable for any loss, damage, actions or decisions that the Company may take based on its use of LivePerson Insights (including, without limitation, any information or data contained therein, or provided to Company).  Company understands that it assumes the entire risk with respect to the use of LivePerson Insights. LivePerson provides LivePerson Insights AS IS, and disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purposes, and non-infringement.
LivePerson Insights is a stand-alone offering, and any obligations LivePerson may have under any Master Services Agreement or any other agreement in which LivePerson provides hosted and/or professional services to Company (“Services Agreement”) shall not apply to Company’s use LivePerson Insights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, LivePerson may terminate all or a portion of the LivePerson Insights services set forth in a LivePerson Insights Order Form (or similar agreement for services) upon 30 days notice to Company, or immediately if:  a) Company fails to pay for any outstanding invoices, b) the Services Agreement between LivePerson and Company is terminated, or c) any third party licensor terminates any agreement to provide services in support of LivePerson Insights.
LivePerson shall retain all intellectual property rights to LivePerson Insights. Company shall use LivePerson Insights in accordance with applicable laws, and if required by applicable law, shall provide notice to Company’s customers and obtain consent if required, for use of LivePerson Insights. Customer acknowledges and agrees that use of LivePerson Insights may require de-encryption of chat transcripts

ライブエンゲージの導入はシンプルです。

--URL: http://www.liveperson.com/jp/policies/privacy
Welcome to the Liveperson.com Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to you if you are a visitor of LivePerson’s corporate website at www.liveperson.com . This Privacy Policy also applies to you when you visit LivePerson’s social media web pages located on third-party social media websites (“LivePerson-branded social media pages”). Visitors to LivePerson’s Website and visitors to LivePerson-branded web pages on social media websites are referred to in this policy as “you” or a “LivePerson Visitor”. “You” and “LivePerson Visitor” also refers to users who communicate with LivePerson directly using LivePerson’s communication technology or other engagement technology or services (“LivePerson’s engagement technology”). This Privacy Policy applies regardless of whether you are using a computer, a mobile device or other device.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to visitors to the websites (or social media web pages) of LivePerson’s business customers. For privacy terms applicable to those visitors, please click here. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to users of LivePerson’s expert services platform offered by LivePerson and made available on www.liveperson.com/experts or on www.kasamba.com or on third party websites. For privacy terms related to LivePerson’s expert services platform, please click here.
This Privacy Policy explains how LivePerson may collect, use, and disclose “Personal Information” and other information we obtain through LivePerson’s Website, through LivePerson-branded web pages located on third party social media sites and from communications between you and LivePerson.
Personal Information Defined . LivePerson considers “Personal Information” to include information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify or contact you, such as: name, address, email address or phone number. LivePerson does not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
Use and Acceptance . By using LivePerson’s Website or by using LivePerson-branded social media pages, you agree to this Privacy Policy. In addition, by using LivePerson’s engagement technology to communicate with or engage with LivePerson, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, you must not use LivePerson’s Website or LivePerson-branded social media pages, and you must not otherwise use LivePerson’s engagement technology to communicate with or engage with LivePerson.
By providing Personal Information and other information via LivePerson’s engagement technology and otherwise via LivePerson’s Website, you consent to LivePerson collecting and processing such information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
 
Because LivePerson operates globally, we may transfer Personal Information about you within our global operations to fulfill LivePerson’s obligations to you, but always subject to the requirements of applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy. LivePerson entities located in countries other than the United States may have supplemental privacy policies that may apply in their countries of operation.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, including those whose privacy laws may be more restrictive than U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States to LivePerson. By providing your personal data you consent to that transfer.
If you use any communities, groups or spaces on the LivePerson’s Website, you should be aware that any information you submit there may be read, collected, copied and used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. LivePerson is not responsible for the information that you choose to submit or post on any of these areas of LivePerson’s Website or on third party websites and LivePerson is not responsible for how any such information may be used by others or responded to by others. LivePerson’s privacy obligations set forth in this Privacy Policy are not applicable to your use of any community, message board or blog on LivePerson’s Website or any third party website. Additional terms made available via any such community, message board and/or blog may apply to your use of any of the foregoing.
 
 
LivePerson welcomes your feedback on our Privacy Policy. Please send your comments to privacy@liveperson.com or to: LivePerson, Inc., Attn: Legal Department – Privacy, 475 10th Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10018.
We recommend that you review this policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time. Your use of LivePerson’s Website, any service offered on the website or any of LivePerson’s engagement technology to communicate with LivePerson (whether on LivePerson’s Website or on a third party website) following a change to this Privacy Policy represents your consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to a visitor’s web browser accessing the website and are used for record-keeping purposes by many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving passwords, lists of potential purchases and personal preferences regarding the use of the particular website, and ensuring that the user does not see the same ad repeatedly.
Data masking is the process of obscuring (masking) specific data elements within a communication or storage device. Once data is masked the masking cannot be reversed.
Encryption is the process of transforming information into unreadable text so that it is only legible to those possessing an encryption key. The process of making encrypted information readable again is referred to as decryption.
Pixel tags are small graphic images that are embedded in a web page or email for purposes of tracking activity on web pages or whether a user has opened or accessed an email. A pixel tag may be set to identify on what browser and computer it was viewed, whether that browser has cookies received from a server associated with the pixel tag, and whether the web page or email with the pixel tag was forwarded or copied.
Web browser is a software program that allows a user to access, retrieve and view information on the World Wide Web. Examples of browsers include Internet Explorer, FireFox, Google Chrome and Safari.

ライブエンゲージの導入はシンプルです。


--URL: http://export.gov/safeharbor/
The European Commission’s Directive on Data Protection went into effect in October of 1998, and would prohibit the transfer of personal data to non-European Union countries that do not meet the European Union (EU) “adequacy” standard for privacy protection. While the United States and the EU share the goal of enhancing privacy protection for their citizens, the United States takes a different approach to privacy from that taken by the EU.
In order to bridge these differences in approach and provide a streamlined means for U.S. organizations to comply with the Directive, the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission developed a "Safe Harbor" framework and this website to provide the information an organization would need to evaluate – and then join – the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor program.
The U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland developed a separate "Safe Harbor" framework to bridge the differences between the two countries’ approaches to privacy and provide a streamlined means for U.S. organizations to comply with Swiss data protection law. This website also provides the information an organization would need to evaluate – and then join – the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor program.
To get started, please use the following links:
U.S.–European Union Safe Harbor Framework
U.S.-Switzerland Safe Harbor Framework
Only U.S. organizations subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or U.S. air carriers and ticket agents subject to the jurisdiction of the Department of Transportation (DoT) may participate in the Safe Harbor.  Organizations generally not subject to FTC jurisdiction include certain financial institutions, (such as banks, investment houses, credit unions, and savings & loan institutions), telecommunication common carriers, labor associations, non-profit organizations, agricultural co-operatives, and meat processing facilities.  In addition, the FTC’s jurisdiction with regard to insurance activities is limited to certain circumstances.  If you are uncertain as to whether your organization falls under the jurisdiction of either the FTC or DoT, as certain exceptions to general ineligibility do exist, be sure to contact those agencies for more information.
  Notice to Visitors!
  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website.
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.
  Notice to Visitors!
  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website.
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.

--URL: http://trade.gov/endorse.asp
About ITA
Offices
Office of the Under Secretary Office of Legislative and   Intergovernmental Affairs Office of Public Affairs Chief Financial Officer/Administration
Business Units
Global Markets Industry and Analysis Enforcement and Compliance

About Trade
Exporting
Events
Compliance
Enforcement
Successes
Competitiveness Industry Analysis Statistics Trade Stats Express
For Developers
Trade Developer Portal
Industries
 
International Trade Administration Endorsement Disclaimer Policy
Links to Web sites outside the U.S. Federal Government or the use of trade, firm, or corporation names within the International Trade Administration Web sites are for the convenience of the user. Such use does not constitute an official endorsement or approval by the U.S. Commerce Department of any private sector Web site, product, or service.
When users select a link to another government or non-government Web site, and they leave the trade.gov Web site be aware that you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside Web site.
Normally, links to Web sites operated by the International Trade Administration will open in the same Web browser window as the linking page. Links to Web sites outside of the International Trade Administration’s family of Web sites will open into a new browser window.
Links to Government and Quasi-Government Web Sites trade.gov links to any publicly available government or quasi-government Web site created by public or private sector partnerships unless directed not to by the agency or organization that owns the site. Federal government-owned or government-sponsored Web site domains are usually in the .gov, .mil and .fed.us domains but there may be exceptions.
Links to Non-Government Web Sites trade.gov links to Web sites that are not government-owned or government-sponsored if these Web sites provide information and/or services not available on an official government Web site.
trade.gov provides these non-government Web sites as a public service only, and neither endorses nor guarantees in any way the external organizations, services, advice, or products included in these Web site links.
Furthermore, trade.gov neither controls nor guarantees the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information contained in the non-governmental Web sites.
 
Find what you are looking for here. Please select from services below.
OCT Export Facts State Export Data Metro Area Exports 13-18TravelForecast
Advocacy Center helps California company secure $12.5 million contract with a Macedonian government agency   View more
The International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, manages this global trade site to provide access to ITA information on promoting trade and investment, strengthening the competitiveness of U.S. industry, and ensuring fair trade and compliance with trade laws and agreements. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein. This site contains PDF documents. A PDF reader is available from Adobe Systems Incorporated.

--URL: http://get.adobe.com/reader
Step: 1 of 3

JavaScript error encountered. Unable to install latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader DC.
System requirements

Adobe Acrobat Reader DC software is the free global standard for reliably viewing, printing, and commenting on PDF documents.
And now, it's connected to the Adobe Document Cloud − making it easier than ever to work across computers and mobile devices.
It's the only PDF viewer that can open and interact with all types of PDF content, including forms and multimedia.
By clicking the "Download now" button, you agree to the automatic installation of updates to Adobe Acrobat Reader DC, and to the Adobe Software Licensing Agreement.
Note: Your antivirus software must allow you to install software.
Download now
Total size: MB
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Choose your region
United States (Change)
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of use | Privacy | Cookies

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html
For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!
Last updated: June 18, 2014
Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring the privacy settings within your browser (please refer to your browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Adobe websites and applications may not function properly.
Adobe and the companies that help us run our business use cookies in several ways, such as:
Learn more about cookies from the Interactive Advertising Bureau.
Technically speaking, cookies are called “HTTP cookies.” There are other technologies that can be used for similar purposes, such as HTML5 Local Storage and local shared objects (LSOs). LSOs are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe® Flash® Player and the websites hosting those files (learn more about Flash Player and LSOs). We may use HTML5 Local Storage, LSOs, and similar technologies for authenticating you, keeping track of information you have provided to us, and remembering your preferences (see bullet points above). When you are using an Adobe application offline, we may store information related to how you used that application on your device and then transfer it to our servers the next time you connect online to our service.
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites and applications, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are bits of programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify Adobe (or the companies that help us run our business) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are bits of programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, such as which links you click. We use this information to improve our websites and online services, tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests, and conduct market research. You may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as JavaScript, within your browser (please refer to your browser's help function). Note that if you disable scripting functionality, some Adobe websites and applications may not function properly.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Advertising services
Analytics services
Applications (UPDATED)
Cookies
Hosted services
Law enforcement requests (UPDATED)
Marketing
Other policies
Safe Harbor
Social networking
Ask a question
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/cis/
См. специальные предложения ›
Приобрести по телефону: +44 203 0277 764
See special offers ›
Purchase by phone: +44 203 0277 764
North America
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
South America
Commonwealth of Independent States
Southeast Asia
Copyright © 2014 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies


--URL: http://www.adobe.com/ru/privacy/cookies.html
Чтобы воспользоваться всеми функциями, включите в браузере JavaScript. Спасибо!
Последнее обновление: 18 Июнь 2014 г.

Adobe и другие партнерские компании используют файлы cookie для различных целей, в том числе:
Подробнее о файлах cookie от Бюро интерактивной рекламы (IAB)

Веб-маяки (или «теги») — это элементы программного кода, встроенные в веб-страницы, электронные письма и рекламу, которые информируют компанию Adobe (или другие партнерские компании) о таких событиях, как просмотр этих материалов или переход по ссылкам в них.
Встроенные скрипты — это элементы программного кода, встроенные в некоторые веб-страницы, которые производят оценку использования веб-страниц, в частности, отслеживание переходов по ссылкам. Мы используем данную информацию для улучшения наших веб-сайтов и онлайн-услуг, их адаптации в соответствии с интересами пользователя и проведения маркетинговых исследований. Функции выполнения скриптов, таких как JavaScript, можно отключить в настройках браузера (см. справочное руководство браузера). Обратите внимание, что полное отключение функций выполнения скриптов может привести к некорректной работе веб-сайтов и приложений компании Adobe.
Политика конфиденциальности Adobe
Рекламные услуги
Услуги аналитики
Приложения (ОБНОВЛЕНО)
Файлы сookie
Серверные услуги
Юридические вопросы (ОБНОВЛЕНО)
Маркетинг
Другие политики (ОБНОВЛЕНО)
Безопасная гавань
Социальные сети
Задайте вопрос
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Условия использования | Конфиденциальность | Cookies

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/ru/company.html
Чтобы воспользоваться всеми функциями, включите в браузере JavaScript. Спасибо!
Adobe is the global leader in digital marketing and digital media solutions. Our tools and services allow our customers to create groundbreaking digital content, deploy it across media and devices, measure and optimize it over time, and achieve greater business success. We help our customers make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel and screen.
Who we are is best expressed by what we do with creativity and data. Learn more about us ›
Related links:
Fast facts
Corporate Social Responsibility
Life@Adobe blog
Learn more about key leaders at Adobe, their business focus areas, and what inspires them. View executive profiles and bios ›
Related links:
Shantanu Narayen
Board of Directors
Corporate governance
More Adobe news, social media, and analyst resources ›
See how customers are transforming their businesses with digital marketing and digital media solutions ›
Careers
Adobe is an award-winning employer. Consider joining us.
Discover Adobe's wide range of initiatives for creating positive change in our operations, our community, and the environment.
Get the latest Adobe news and other resources for media.
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Условия использования | Конфиденциальность | Cookies

--URL: http://www.linkedin.com/

Registration takes less than 2 minutes.
By clicking Join Now, you agree to LinkedIn's User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.


LinkedIn Corporation © 2015

--URL: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls

--URL: https://help.linkedin.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/34593/loc/na/trk/guest-home/
LinkedIn is a company that aims to put its members first when it comes to making important decisions. Millions of professional conversations and shared insights are being exchanged every day on LinkedIn. To ensure these discussions help our members be more productive and successful, LinkedIn has put in place Professional Community Guidelines outlining the types of discussions and content that are acceptable on LinkedIn, and what may be deemed inappropriate and stopped by LinkedIn. These community guidelines are intended to provide our members guidance and complement the list of Do’s and Don’ts found in the User Agreement governing your use of, and participation in, LinkedIn’s online services.
Want input from the community? Start a discussion
LinkedIn Corporation © 2015

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/rightnowcx
Oracle Buys TOA Technologies
Oracle Cited as a Leader in Customer Service Solutions for Enterprise Organizations
Orbitz Worldwide Reduces Agent Errors by 90%
To thrive in today's customer empowered environment, brands need to deliver the best customer experiences when, where and how customers want it. Oracle Service Cloud combines Web, Social and Contact Center experiences for a unified, cross-channel service solution in the Cloud, enabling organizations to increase sales and adoption, build trust and strengthen relationships, and reduce costs and effort. The enterprise platform provides transparent reliability, unmatched security, and total Cloud freedom for mission critical customer experience delivery.
Oracle is moving aggressively to offer customers a full range of Cloud Solutions including sales force automation, human resources, social networking, databases, and Java as part of the Oracle Public Cloud. Together, Oracle and RightNow can enable a superior customer experience at every contact and across every channel... Read More
Oracle RightNow Web Experience provides a rich online customer experience solution so consumers can research, purchase, or resolve issues from any device. Set a standard for best-in-class service by allowing your customers to interact on their own terms while you increase conversions and lower service costs.
Oracle RightNow Social Experience enables brands to manage social interactions as a fully integrated part of the customer experience. Oracle RightNow Social Experience is designed to extend the customer experience to the places where consumers are learning, sharing, and buying across the social web.
Oracle RightNow Contact Center Experience delivers end-to-end management of the customer journey through unified records, interfaces, and knowledge. Even your junior agents are able to deliver exceptional experiences consistently across every channel for operational efficiency and service excellence.
Provide dynamic, precise and personalized customer advice experiences via self service, call center and face-to face channels. Policy Automation enables your organization to capture, manage and deploy complex policies for benefit eligibility determination, tailored incident creation, welfare payments, tax obligations, education course credits, license and permit eligibility, insurance premiums, needs analysis, and much more.
Through closed-loop marketing and integrated analytics, Oracle RightNow Engage enhances the customer experience by delivering proactive, highly personalized communications while providing brands with real-time actionable insights to build loyalty and drive revenue.
Purpose built Cloud-based platform to deliver great customer experiences across all channels of interaction. For over a decade, Oracle RightNow has taken learnings and matured the Cloud infrastructure to lead the way in SaaS delivery, supporting over 2 billion global transactions a day for some of the world's largest brands.
Contact Sales for Product pricing and licensing questions.
View Top Support Answers or Get Help.

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/us/syndication/feeds/index.html
Rather than visiting a series of Web pages every day, many Web users are installing RSS newsreaders and configuring them to pull RSS feeds. It's like having news delivered to your desktop!
Already set up for RSS? Configure your RSS newsreader software to point to the URL(s) below.
What is RSS? As defined by Wikipedia, RSS (acronymic for Really Simple Syndication) is "a group of XML based web-content distribution and republication (Web syndication) formats primarily used by news sites and weblogs (blogs)." Essentially, an RSS feed is a hosted XML file from which your RSS newsreader pulls headlines, URLs, and other content as it is updated.
Need RSS software? To get started, you'll need to download and install a free RSS newsreader client. Many are available (some as browser extensions); see the Open Directory Project's list. Point your software to RSS feeds of interest, and you're done!
Content is available to Oracle PartnerNetwork Program Partners who meet the required credentials.

--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/OracleMagazine

--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/OracleOfmRadio

--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/OracleDatabaseInsider

--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/OracleAppcast

--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/OTN_TechCasts

--URL: http://asktom.oracle.com/pls/asktom/asktom.hot.rss

--URL: http://asktom.oracle.com/pls/asktom/asktom.popular.rss

--URL: http://asktom.oracle.com/pls/asktom/asktom.newest.rss

--URL: http://blogs.oracle.com/oracleopenworld/xml/rss.xml

--URL: http://blogs.oracle.com/main/feed/entries/atom

--URL: http://del.icio.us/rss/OracleTechnologyNetwork

--URL: http://blogs.oracle.com/otn/feed/entries/rss

--URL: http://feeds.delicious.com/v2/rss/OracleTechnologyNetwork/otn-systems

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/ocom/groups/public/@otn/documents/webcontent/rss-oramag-recent.xml

--URL: http://feeds.delicious.com/v2/rss/OracleTechnologyNetwork/otntecharticle

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/ocom/groups/public/@otn/documents/webcontent/rss-otn-sec.xml

--URL: http://feeds.delicious.com/v2/rss/OracleTechnologyNetwork/otnheadlines

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/ocom/groups/public/@ocom/documents/webcontent/195094.xml

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/ocom/groups/public/@ocom/documents/webcontent/196280.xml

--URL: http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/press/rss/rss-pr.xml

--URL: http://www.dmoz.org/Computers/Software/Internet/Clients/Web/Feed_Readers/

--URL: http://en.wikipedia.org/
Ulysses S. Grant (1822–1885) was the 18th President of the United States (1869–77). He graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and retired after serving in the Mexican–American War. When the Civil War began in 1861, he rejoined the U.S. Army and won major victories at Shiloh and Vicksburg, and in the Chattanooga Campaign. After promotion to Commanding General, Grant confronted Robert E. Lee in a series of bloody battles in Virginia in 1864, trapping Lee's army in the siege of Petersburg. Lee's surrender to Grant at Appomattox on April 9, 1865, ended the war. After the war, he implemented Congressional Reconstruction. Elected president in 1868, Grant led the Republicans in their effort to remove the vestiges of Confederate nationalism, protect African American citizenship, and support economic prosperity nationwide. In foreign policy, Grant sought to increase American trade and influence, while remaining at peace with the world. His presidency has often come under criticism for tolerating corruption and, in his second term, leading the nation into an economic depression. After an unsuccessful attempt at nomination for a third term in 1880, he completed his memoirs, garnering critical acclaim and financial success. (Full article...)
Recently featured: Fanny Bullock Workman – I Never Liked You – Sonic X
From Wikipedia's new and recently improved content:

Ongoing: Yemeni crisis – Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Recent deaths: Elmer Lach – Robert H. Schuller – Manoel de Oliveira
April 9: Maundy Thursday (Eastern Christianity, 2015); Vimy Ridge Day in Canada; Day of National Unity in Georgia (1989); Bataan Day in the Philippines

More anniversaries: April 8 – April 9 – April 10
The Pony Express was a mail service operating from 1860 until 1861 that delivered messages, newspapers, mail, and small packages by horseback, keeping California in touch with the rest of the United States. Messages forwarded by Pony Express could cross the country in ten days. Its route from Sacramento, California, to St. Joseph, Missouri, had to cross the Sierra Nevada, the Rocky Mountains, and the Great Plains.
Recently featured: Jaffa – Rings of Saturn – Eastern rosella
Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects:
This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 4,854,018 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.


--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q5296

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Wikidata:Data_access
This page is a starting point for you if you are an institution, company or organisation that wants to use data from Wikidata.


Wikidata offers a wide range of general data about our universe as well as links to other databases. The data is published under CC-0. It can be edited by anyone and is maintained by Wikidata's editor community.
There are several ways to access and edit the data from Wikidata. You can access data per item, or the entirety of the data as dumps.
Data can be accessed either via dereferencable URIs following linked data standards, or through the MediaWiki API.
Each item or property has a URI that is obtained by appending its ID (such as Q42 or P12) to the Wikidata namespace:
For example, the URI of Douglas Adams is http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42. Data about the item or property can be obtained from this URI, where the file format of the data can be selected through content negotiation. When opening the URI in a normal Web browser, the HTML content will be displayed.
For cases where it is inconvenient to use content negotiation (like in a normal Web browser), one can also access per-entity data in specific formats by extending the URI with a postfix to indicate the file type, such as .json, .rdf, .ttl or .nt. For example, http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json leads to a JSON export for item Q42. Specific revisions can be obtained by appending a revision query parameter like so http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json?revision=112.
See the documentation of the API.
See the homepage of this API
A properly integrated query service is being worked on. You can track the progress of it in this Phabricator project.
There are currently the following SPARQL endpoints with Wikidata data. They are all maintained by third parties and experimental.
The end points that were set up to assist RDF/SPARQL work at Wikimedia are also use to gather logs of queries, and it is particularly welcomed if you use them to try important queries. Issues should be discussed on the wikidata-l mailing list.
Note that the underlying RDF model used in each store to represent Wikidata contents may differ, since the discussion of this is still in flux as of early 2015. Moreover, some endpoints may only use part of the data (e.g., only simplified statements but not the full ones) or be based on dumps that are not the most recent.
You can also access the API by using a bot. See Wikidata:Bots for more on bots.
See the database dumps documentation.
Wikidata offers you the data in Wikidata for free with no requirement to attribute under CC-0. We would however greatly appreciate if you would mention Wikidata as the origin of your data. This will allow us to ensure that the projects stays around for a long time and provides you with up-to-date and high quality data. We will also promote the best projects using Wikidata's data. Some examples for attributing Wikidata: "Powered by Wikidata", "Powered by Wikidata Tags", "Powered by Wikidata data", "Powered by the magic of Wikidata", "Using Wikidata data", "With data from Wikidata", "Data from Wikidata", "Source: Wikidata", "Including data from Wikidata", ...
You may also use the Wikidata logo (see above), but should not do so in any way that implies endorsement by Wikidata, or the Wikimedia Foundation.
Please offer your users a way to report issues in the data and find a way to feed this back to Wikidata's editor community. We are currently working on steamlining this process. Until then please announce where you collect issues on the Project chat.
A number of great tools are being built on top of Wikidata. The external tools page collects them.

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Wikidata:Data_access
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Väsk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/V%C3%A4sk
Username: 


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Väsk
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
没有找到匹配这些规则的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E
一般声明 - 风险声明 - 医学声明 - 法律声明 - 内容声明
维基新闻是内容开放的在线的新闻来源，它是由个人和团体自发组成的，是一个发展中的人类知识的共有资源。这个组织允许任何人通过因特网联接和WWW浏览器在这里创建和修改内容。因此，请注意您在这里找到的内容并没有任何相关领域的专家和专业人员在维基新闻上对内容的完善性、正确性或可靠性进行必要的审查。
这并不是说您在维基新闻上找不到有价值的和正确的信息，但是请注意维基新闻不能保证无论以什么方式在这里找到的信息的有效性。它可能在最近已经被修改、破坏，或者有人对它所感兴趣的知识的某些陈述的看法不一致而进行了改变。
请确认您了解到，您从这里所获得的信息都是自由、免费的，而且您没有与任何人有契约关系，无论是本站的使用者、所有者、服务器提供商、任何维基新闻参与者个人、管理员，还是其他任何与本计划及相关计划有直接或间接关系的个人或团体。在一个有条件的许可之下，您可以从本站复制任何内容，但是维基新闻或它的代理人、成员、组织者或其他用户都不承担任何责任。
在维基新闻的页面中所使用或引用的商标、服务标记、图案版权、隐私权或其他类似的权利都归其拥有者所有。将他们用于这里并不意味着你可以将它们用于其它目的。
请注意您在这里所找到的信息有可能违反了您所在国家或地区的法律。维基百科并不鼓励任何人触犯法律，但是由于这些信息都是储存在一台位于美国佛罗里达州的服务器中，任何的内容都是受到诸如美国宪法第一修正案及其他当地法律的保护，以及基于联合国的世界人权宣言的原则。您所在国家法律所保护的言论自由范围可能没有像美国法律或者联合国宪章原则的精神那么广泛，因此如果您使用或链接本站内的任何信息，维基新闻无法为可能带来的违法行为负责。
所导致的任何伤害都不应该构成对维基新闻的指控，因为维基新闻是一个由自愿个人所组成的松散组织，以创造各种内容开放的在线教育、文化和信息资源为目标。在这里的资料是无偿提供给您的，在有关您超越版权许可协议的范围使用或修改这些内容上，您与维基新闻之间没有协议或共识；如果其他人修改您发表在维基新闻或相关计划上的文章，与维基新闻有关的任何人士也都不负任何责任。
非常感谢您花时间阅读这个页面，请您尽情享受在维基新闻的体验。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribute this work:
A new version of this license is available. You should use it for new works, and you may want to relicense existing works under it. No works are automatically put under the new license, however.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ko
이 증서는 라이선스의 몇 가지 주요 내용과 조건을 중점적으로 설명한 것입니다. 이 증서 자체는 라이선스가 아니며 아무런 법적 효력이 없습니다. 저작물을 이용하기 전에 실제 라이선스의 내용과 조건을 주의 깊게 읽어보기 바랍니다.
크리에이티브 커먼즈는 법률 사무소가 아니며 아무런 법적 서비스를 제공하지 않습니다. 이 증서를 배포, 전시하거나 이 증서 또는 라이선스로 링크를 건다고 해서 법적 서비스를 제공하는 관계가 발생하는 것은 아닙니다.
저작자표시 — 적절한 출처와, 해당 라이센스 링크를 표시하고, 변경이 있는 경우 공지해야 합니다. 합리적인 방식으로 이렇게 하면 되지만, 이용 허락권자가 귀하에게 권리를 부여한다거나 귀하의 사용을 허가한다는 내용을 나타내서는 안 됩니다.
저작물의 출처
이 라이선스의 개정판이 있습니다. 새 저작물에 대한 이용 허락은 개정판을 적용하세요. 기존의 저작물도 개정판에 의하여 다시 이용 허락할 수 있으나 자동적으로 개정판이 적용되는 것은 아닙니다.
적용가능한 중재 규칙은 저작물에 함께 게재되는 저작권 표시 안에 정하거나, 그렇지 않은 경우 중재 요청에 의해 정해집니다. 저작물에 첨부된 저작권 표시에 명시되지 않은 경우, UNCITRAL 조정 규칙이 적용됩니다.
추가 정보.
저작자의 이름과 저작권 관련 단체, 저작권 공지, 라이선스 공지, 권리 포기 공지, 콘텐츠 링크 등을 알고 있다면 제공해야 합니다. 4.0 이전 버전의 CC 라이선스를 사용하는 경우, 콘텐츠 제목을 알고 있다면 제목도 표시해야 하며, 기타 조금 다른 사항들이 있습니다.
추가 정보.
4.0 버전에서는 원 저작물을 어떤 식으로든 수정했을 경우 이를 표시하여야 하고 이전 수정 표시도 유지하여야 합니다. 3.0 또는 그 이전 버전에서는 2차적 저작물을 작성한 경우에 한하여 그 표시를 요구하고 있습니다.
적용 가이드.
추가 정보.
아래 링크에 있는 호환 라이선스를 사용할 수도 있습니다: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
추가 정보.
영리 목적 이용은 주로 영리적 이익이나 금전적 보상을 의도한 이용을 말합니다.
추가 정보.
단순히 포맷을 변경하는 것은 2차 저작물에 해당하지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
이 라이선스는 WIPO 저작권 협약 11조에 정의된 효과적 기술 조치의 사용을 금합니다.
추가 정보.
공정 이용 등 저작재산권의 제한에 따른 이용자의 권리는 CC 라이선스의 영향을 받지 않습니다.
추가 정보.
원하는 방식으로 저작물을 이용하기 위해서는 추가적인 허락이 필요할 수도 있습니다.
추가 정보.
CCL을 적용하는 방법에 대해 더 알아보세요.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.zh_TW
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
姓名標示 — 你必須給予 適當表彰、提供指向本授權條款的連結，以及 指出（本作品的原始版本）是否已被變更。你可以任何合理方式為前述表彰，但不得以任何方式暗示授權人為你或你的使用方式背書。
標示這份著作：
本授權條款有新的版本。你的新著作應使用本授權條款之新版本，且你可依據該新版授權條款重新授權現有著作。然而，新版授權條款並不會自動地套用於任何著作上。
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
更多資訊.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
更多資訊.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
更多資訊.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
更多資訊.
商業性使用是一種主要為了商業利益或金錢報酬的使用方式。
更多資訊.
僅改變格式不算是創作衍生作品。
更多資訊.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
更多資訊.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
更多資訊.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
更多資訊.
進一步了解創用 CC 授權，或使用此授權款在你的素材上。


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ja
コモンズ証は実際のライセンスの主要な特徴や条件の一部だけをハイライトしています。これはライセンスではなく、法的な意味を持ちません。あなたはライセンスされた資料の利用の前に、実際のライセンスの全ての条件を注意深くレビューするべきです。
Creative Commonsは法律事務所ではなく、法律業務を提供するものではありせん。このコモンズ証や、コモンズ証が要約しているライセンスを、配布したり、表示したり、またはそれらにリンクすることは、法律家と依頼者の関係や、そのほかいかなる関係も形成しません。
表示 — あなたは 適切なクレジットを表示し、ライセンスへのリンクを提供し、変更があったらその旨を示さなければなりません。あなたはこれらを合理的などのような方法で行っても構いませんが、許諾者があなたやあなたの利用行為を支持していると示唆するような方法は除きます。
この作品のクレジットを表示する
新しいバージョンのライセンスがあります。新しく作品にライセンスを適用する場合には新しいバージョンのライセンスの利用をお勧めします。既にクリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスを適用したあなたの作品についても、新しいバージョンへの切り替えをご検討ください。なおクリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスの下で提供されている作品のライセンスが、新しいバージョンに自動的に 切り替わるということはございません。
適用される仲裁のルールは作品の著作権表示と共に指定されるか、そのような指定がない場合には、仲裁のリクエストの中で指定されます。作品に付された著作権表示に特段の指定がない限り、裁定にはUNCITRAL Arbitration Rulesが適用されます。
詳細.
あなたは、示されている場合には、クリエイターやクレジット表示の対象の名前、著作権表示、ライセンスに関する注意書き、免責事項に関する注意書き、および資料へのリンクを提供しなければなりません。バージョン4.0以前のCCライセンスでは、資料のタイトルが示されている場合にはそれも提供することを要求しており、他にも細かい違いがある場合があります。
詳細.
4.0 では、あなたは資料を改変をしたかどうかを示さなければならず、またそれまでの改変の表示を保持しなければなりません。3.0以前のバージョンのライセンスでは、派生作品を作成した場合にのみ変更を示すことが要求されていました。
表示に関するご案内.
詳細.
あなたは互換性があるとして https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicensesにリストされているライセンスのひとつを使うこともできます。
詳細.
営利利用は、商業上の利得や金銭的報酬を主な目的とした利用を指します。
詳細.
単にフォーマットを変更することは、作品を改変することを意味しません。
詳細.
このライセンスは、WIPO著作権条約の11条に定義されているところの効果的な技術的な手段を適用することを禁じています。
詳細.
フェアユース、フェアディーリングなど著作権法上の権利制限などに基づく利用者の権利は、CCライセンスによって影響を受けません。
詳細.
この資料をあなたが想定している形でご利用するには、追加的な許諾が必要になる場合があります。
詳細.
CCライセンスの利用についてもっと知る 、またはあなた自身の作品に ライセンスを適用する。

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.fa
این سند فقط بعضی از ویژگی‌های کلیدی و شرایط پروانه حقیقی را برجسته می‌کند. این یک پروانه نیست و هیچ ارزش قانونی ندارد. شما باید با دقت همه شرایط و ضوابط پروانه حقیقی را پیش از استفاده از مواد دارای مجوز مرور کنید.
کریتیو کامنز یک شرکت قانونی نیست و خدمات قانونی ارائه نمی‌کند. توزیع‌کردن، نمایش‌دادن، یا پیونددادن به این سند یا پروانه که به طور مختصر بیان می‌کند یک ارتباط مشتری-وکیل یا هر ارتباط دیگر نمی‌سازد.
تخصیص — شما باید اعتبار مناسب ببخشید، یک پیوند به پروانه ارائه کنید، و اگر تغییری صورت گرفته‌است به آن اشاره کنید. شما می‌توانید این کار را به هر شیوه معقول انجام دهید، اما نه به هر روش که نشان دهد پروانه‌دهنده شما یا استفاده‌تان را تأیید می‌کند.
ویژگی این کار :
یک نسخهٔ جدید از این مجوز در دسترس می باشد. شما می توانید از آن برای آثار جدیدتان استفاده کنید و ممکن است از همین نسخه استفاده کنید. هیچ اثری به صورت خودکار تحت مجوز جدید قرار داده نمی‌شود.
قوانین قابل اجرای میانجی‌گری در اطلاع حق تکثیر منتشرشده همراه اثر، یا اگر هیچ‌کدام نبود در درخواست برای میانجی‌گری معین خواهد شد. مگر در غیر این صورت در یک اطلاع حق تکثیر به اثر پیوست‌شده معین شود، UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules به هر حکمیت اعمال می‌شود.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
اگر عرضه شود، شما باید نام خالق و طرف‌های انتساب، یک اطلاع حق تکثیر، یک اطلاع پروانه، یک اطلاع سلب‌کننده مسئولیت، و یک پیوند به مواد ارائه کنید. پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز قبل از نگارش 4.0 همچنین نیاز دارد شما عنوان موادی را که عرضه کردید ارائه کنید، و تفاوت‌های جزئی دیگری ممکن است داشته باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
در نگارش 4.0، شما باید به اینکه مواد را تغییر دادید اشاره کنید و یک اشاره از تغییرات قبلی را حفظ کنید. در نگارش 3.0 و نسخه‌های قدیمی‌تر پروانه، اشاره‌کردن به تغییرات فقط زمانی الزامی است که یک اثر مشتق ایجاد می‌کنید.
ساخت راهنما.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
شما همچنین می‌توانید از یک پروانه که در https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses بعنوان سازگار ذکر شده‌است استفاده کنید
اطلاعات بیشتر.
استفاده تجاری این است که در درجه اول برای بهره تجاری یا جبران خسارت مالی در نظر گرفته شده‌باشد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
فقط تغییر قالب هرگز یک مشتق نمی‌سازد.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
این پروانه استفاده از اقدامات فنی مؤثر را، که با ارجاع به Article 11 از WIPO Copyright Treaty تعریف شده‌است ممنوع می‌کند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
حقوق کاربران در موارد استثنا و محدودیت‌ها، چون استفاده منصفانه و خرید و فروش عادلانه، تحت تأثیر پروانه‌های کریتیو کامنز نیستند.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
ممکن است لازم داشته باشید پروانه‌های اضافی پیش استفاده از این مواد تهیه کنید اگر قصد دارید.
اطلاعات بیشتر.
درباره پروانه‌دادن کریتیو کامنز بیشتر بیاموزید، یا برای مواد خودتان از این پروانه استفاده کنید.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ar
هذا السند يبرز فقط بعض البنود والخصائص الأساسية للرخصة الفعلية. فهو ليس الرخصة نفسها وليس له أي قيمة قانونية. عليك مراجعة بنود الرخصة الفعلية بعناية قبل استخدام المواد المرخصة بها.
مؤسسة المشاع الإبداعي ليست مكتب محاماة ولا تُقدم أي خدمات قانونية. توزيع، أو عرض، أو الإحالة لهذه الرخصة أو السند الذي يلخصها لا ينشئ علاقة وكالة قانونية أو أي علاقة أخرى.
نَسب المُصنَّف — يجب عليك نَسب العمل لصاحبه بطريقة مناسبة، وتوفير رابط للترخيص، وبيان إذا ما قد أُجريت أي تعديلات على العمل. يمكنك القيام بهذا بأي طريقة مناسبة، ولكن على ألا يتم ذلك بطريقة توحي بأن المؤلف أو المرخِّص مؤيد لك أو لعملك.
نَسب هذا المُصنّف:
يوجد إصدار جديد من هذا الترخيص، يجب عليك استخدامه للأعمال الجديدة، وقد تود كذلك ترخيص الأعمال السابقة بهذا الإصدار الجديد. حيث لا يتم تجديد رخصة الأعمال السابقة تلقائياً.
تُطبق قواعد الوساطة من خلال إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف، أو طلب الوساطة. وتنطبق قواعد تحكيم لجنة UNCITRAL (لجنة الأمم المتحدة للقانون التجاري الدولي) على أي تحكيم، ما لم يذكر خلاف ذلك في إشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر المرفق مع المُصنَّف.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
إذا كانت هذه البيانات متاحة، يجب عليك النص على اسم المؤلف والمساهمين في العمل، وإشعار حقوق التأليف والنشر، وملاحظات الترخيص، وإشعار إخلاء المسئولية، ورابط العمل. رخص المشاع الإبداعي قبل الإصدار 4.0 تتطلب منك أيضاً النص على عنوان العمل إن كان متاحاً، وقد تكون هناك اختلافات طفيفة أخرى.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
في الإصدارة 4.0، يجب عليك ذكر وتوضيح أي تغيير أجريته على المُصنَّف. في الإصدارة 3.0 والإصدارات السابقة، يجب عليك ذكر التغييرات فقط في حالة إنشاء عمل مشتق من المُصنَّف.
دليل الوسْم.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
يمكنك معرفة الرخص المتوافقة مع هذه الرخصة لاستخدامها من https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
لمزيد من المعلومات.
الاستخدام التجاري هو غرض يستهدف بشكل أساسي الفائدة المالية أو الربح.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تغيير الصغية أو الهيئة لا يعد اشتقاقاً.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
تمنع الرخصة تطبيق التدابير التكنولوجية، طبقاً للبند رقم 11 في معاهدة WIPO لحقوق الملكية الفكرية.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
حقوق المستخدمين في إطار الاستثناءات، مثل الاستخدام العادل، والتعامل العادل، لا تتأثر برخص المشاع الإبداعي.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
قد تحتاج صلاحيات إضافية قبل استخدام المصنف للغرض الذي تريده.
لمزيد من المعلومات.
اعرف المزيد عن رخص المشاع الإبداعي، أو استخدم الرخصة لأعمالك.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.uk
Короткий виклад підкреслює лише деякі ключові умови ліцензії. Він не є ліцензією і не має юридичного сенсу. Вам слід уважно ознайомитися з усіма умовами власне ліцензії перед використанням ліцензованого матеріалу.
Creative Commons не є юридичною фірмою і не надає юридичних послуг. Розповсюдження, показ, або посилання на короткий виклад або на ліцензію не породжує відносик клієнт-юрист або будь-яких інших правовідносин.
Із зазначенням авторства — Ви маєте вказати автора, розмістити посилання на ліцензію та вказати чи було внесено зміни до твору. Ви можете зробити це у будь-який розумний спосіб, але так, щоб не створювати враження стосовно того, що ліцензіар підтримує вас або ваше використання твору.
Зазначте авторство цього твору:
Доступна нова версія цієї ліцензії. Вам слід використовувати її для нових творів, можливо ви також захочете переліцензувати за нею вже існуючі твори. Майте на увазі, що твори не переходять автоматично під нову ліцензію.
Застосовні правила медіації будуть визгачені в застереженні про авторське право, опублікованому з твором, або запиті про медіацію. У разі якщо інше не було зазначено у застереженні про авторське право, розповсюдженому з твором, будуть застосовуватісь правила медіації UNCITRAL.
Докладніше.
Якщо такі наявні, ви маєте вказати ім'я автора, застереження про авторське право, вказівку на ліцензію, застереження про відмову від відповідальності, та посилання на матеріал. Більш ранні, ніж Версія 4.0, версії ліцензій CC також вимагають від вас вказувати назву матеріалу, якщо вона наявна, та можуть мати інші невеликі відмінності.
Докладніше.
В 4.0, ви маєте зазначити чи ви вносили зміни до матеріалу і зберігати зазначення попередніх модифікацій. В 3.0 і попередніх версіях ліцензії вказівка про внесені зміни була необхідною тільки у разі створення похідного твору.
Інструкція стосовно позначення.
Докладніше.
Ви також можете використати ліцензію, що визначена як сумісна на https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Докладніше.
Комерційним вважається використання головним чином спрямоване на отримання комерційних вигод чи грошових коштів.
Докладніше.
Зміна формату сама по собі не призводить до створення похідного твору.
Докладніше.
Ліцензія забороняє застосування засобів технологічного захисту, визначених з урахуванням положень Статті 11 Угоди ВОІВ про авторське право.
Докладніше.
Права користувачів, встановлені винятками і обмеженнями авторського права, такі як право на добросовісне і чесне використання, не обмежуються ліцензіями СС.
Докладніше.
Можливо вам потрібно буде отримати додаткові дозволи перед використанням матеріалу у бажаний вами спосіб.
Докладніше.
Дізнайтеся більше про ліцензії CC або використовуйте цю ліцензію для своїх власних творів.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ru
Данное краткое описание лицензии содержит только некоторые ключевые особенности и условия самой лицензии. Оно не является лицензией и не имеет юридической силы. Прежде чем начать использовать лицензированный материал, вам следует внимательно ознакомиться со всеми условиями и положениями самой лицензии, прежде чем начать использовать лицензируемый материал.
Creative Commons не является юридической фирмой и не оказывает юридические услуги. Распространение, показ или предоставление ссылки на это краткое описание или на лицензию не создает отношений, аналогичных отношениям между адвокатом и клиентом, или иных отношений.
«Attribution» («Атрибуция») — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Атрибутируйте это произведение (укажите его авторство):
Доступна новая версия этой лицензии. Вам следует использовать её для новых произведений; возможно, вы также захотите перелицензировать под неё существующие произведения. Учтите, что произведения автоматически под новую лицензию не переходят.
Применяемые правила посредничества будут указаны в уведомлении об авторских правах, публикуемом вместе с произведением, или, в случае отсутствия такого уведомления, в запросе на осуществление посредничества. В случае отсутствия иных договоренностей, указанных в уведомлении об авторских правах, которое опубликовано вместе с произведением, в отношении любого арбитражного процесса будут применяться Правила Арбитража Комиссии ООН по праву международной торговли (ЮНСИТРАЛ).
Подробнее.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Подробнее.
В соответствии с версией лицензии 4.0 вы должны указать внесённые вами изменения в материал и сохранить указания на предыдущие изменения. В соответствии с версией лицензии 3.0 и более ранними версиями лицензий указание внесенных изменений требуется только в случае создания вами производного материала.
Руководство по маркировке контента.
Подробнее.
Вы также можете использовать лицензию, входящую в список совместимых на странице https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Подробнее.
Использование в коммерческих целях – это использование, в первую очередь направленное на получение коммерческого преимущества или денежного вознаграждения.
Подробнее.
Одно лишь изменение формата не является созданием производного материала.
Подробнее.
Лицензия запрещает применение эффективных технических средств, определённых согласно Статье 11 Договора ВОИС по авторскому праву.
Подробнее.
Права пользователей в соответствии с ограничениями и исключениями, такими как добросовестное использование и честное использование, не затрагиваются лицензиями CC.
Подробнее.
Вам может потребоваться получить дополнительные разрешения на использование этого материала по вашему замыслу.
Подробнее.
Узнайте больше о лицензиях CC или используйте эту лицензию для своих собственных произведений.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.be
Гэта падсумаванне падкрэслівае толькі некаторыя магчымасці і ўмовы актуальных ліцэнзій. Яно не з'яўляецца ліцэнзіяй і не мае юрыдычнай значнасці. Вам варта ўважліва праглядаць усе палажэнні і ўмовы дзеючай ліцэнзіі перад выкарыстаннем ліцэнзуемага матэрыялу.
Creative Commons не юрыдычная фірма і не прадастаўляе юрыдычныя паслугі. Распаўсюджванне, паказ, звязванне гэтага скарочанага апісання або ліцэнзій не ствараюць адносінаў юрыст-кліент або іншых адносінаў.
Пазначэнне аўтарства — Вы павінны даць адпаведны давер, прадаставіць спасылку на ліцэнзію і абазначыць, калі былі нейкія змены. Вы можаце рабіць гэтак жа у любой суадноснай манеры, але не шляхам падтрымкі вас або вашага выкарыстання ліцэнзіярам.
Пазначце аўтара гэтага твору:
Даступная новая версія гэтай ліцэнзіі. Вам варта выкарыстоўваць яе для новых прац, і вы можаце захацець пераліцэнзавать існыя творы пад ёй. Працы не пераходзяць, аднак, пад новую ліцэнзію аўтаматычна.
Дастасоўныя правілы медыяцыі будуць абазначаны ў зацемцы аўтарскага права апублікаванага з творам, або, калі няма такой пазнакі, тады ў запыце на медыяцыю. Калі не абазначана іначай у паведамленні аўтарскага права далучанага да твору, прымяняюцца правілы арбітражу Камісіі ААН па праву міжнароднага гандлю - UNCITRAL.
Больш інфармацыі.
Калі прапанаваны заўвагі, ліцэнзійныя заўвагі, адмовы ад адказнасці, спасылкі на матэрыял, вы павінны прадаставіць імя стваральніка і пазнакі іншых удзельнікаў. Ліцэнзіі СС да версіі 4.0 таксама патрабуюць прадаставіць назву матэрыяла, калі зроблены і іншыя невялікія праўкі.
Больш інфармацыі.
У версіі 4.0, вы павінны ўказаць, калі вы мадыфікавалі гэты матэрыял або адзнаку аб папярэдніх мадыфікацыях. У версіі 3.0 і ранейшых версіях ліцэнзій пазнака зменаў неабходная, толькі калі вы стварылі залежны твор.
Падручнік пазначэнняў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вы можаце таксама выкарыстоўваць ліцэнзію сумяшчальную з https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Больш інфармацыі.
Камерцыйнае выкарыстанне - гэта галоўным чынам намер атрымаць камерцыйную выгоду або грашовую кампенсацыю.
Больш інфармацыі.
Адна змена фармату не стварае залежнага твору.
Больш інфармацыі.
Ліцэнзія забараняе прымяняць эфектыўныя тэхналагічныя сродкі, вызначыная спасылкай на Артыкул 11 Дамовы Аб Аўтарскім Праве САІУ - WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Больш інфармацыі.
Такія выключэнні і абмежаванні правой карыстальнікаў як добрасумленнае выкарыстанне і чэсная дзелавая практыка не падпадаюць пад уздзеянне СС ліцэнзіяў.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вам магчыма неабходна атрымаць дадатковыя доступы перад выкарыстаннем матэрыялы, якія вы жадаеце.
Больш інфармацыі.
Вывучаць болей аб СС ліцэнзаванні, або выкарыстаць ліцэнзію для вашага ўласнага матэрыялу.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.el
Αυτό το έγγραφο επισημαίνει μόνο μερικά από τα βασικά χαρακτηριστικά και όρους της πραγματικής άδειας. Δεν είναι άδεια και δεν έχει νομική ισχύ. Θα πρέπει προσεκτικά να επιθεωρήσετε όλους τους όρους και προϋποθέσεις της κανονικής άδειας πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε το αδειοδοτούμενο υλικό.
Η Creative Commons δεν είναι εταιρεία παροχής νομικών υπηρεσιών και δεν παρέχει τέτοιου είδους υπηρεσίες. Η διανομή, προβολή, ή σύνδεση σε αυτό το έγγραφο ή την άδεια που συνοψίζει δεν δημιουργεί κάποια σχέση δικηγόρου-πελάτη ή οποιαδήποτε άλλη σχέση.
Αναφορά Δημιουργού — Θα πρέπει να καταχωρίσετε αναφορά στο δημιουργό , με σύνδεσμο της άδειας, και με αναφορά αν έχουν γίνει αλλαγές . Μπορείτε να το κάνετε αυτό με οποιονδήποτε εύλογο τρόπο, αλλά όχι με τρόπο που να υπονοεί ότι ο δημιουργός αποδέχεται το έργο σας ή τη χρήση που εσείς κάνετε.
Κάντε Αναφορά Δημιουργού σ'αυτό το έργο:
Μία νέα έκδοση αυτής της άδειας είναι διαθέσιμη. Θα πρέπει να τη χρησιμοποιήσετε για νέα έργα, και ενδεχομένως θέλετε να αδειοδοτήσετε ξανά μ'αυτήν υπάρχοντα έργα. Εντούτοις, κανένα έργο δεν τίθεται αυτόματαστο καθεστώς μιας νέας άδειας.
Οι ισχύοντες κανόνες διαμεσολάβησης θα υποδεικνύονται στη σημείωση copyright που δημοσιεύεται με το έργο, ή αν δεν υπάρχει καμία τέτοια, τότε στο αίτημα για διαμεσολάβηση. Εκτός και αν, σε κάποια σημείωση copyright που είναι επισυνημμένη στο έργο, έχει υποδειχθεί διαφορετικά, θα ισχύουν οι κανόνες Διαμεσολάβησης UNCITRAL που ισχύουν σε κάθε διαμεσολάβηση.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Εάν υπάρχουν, πρέπει να δώσετε το όνομα του αρχικού δημιουργού και τα ονόματα τρίτων, ανφορά στα πνευματικά δικαιώματα, την αρχική άδεια, αποποίησης ευθύνης και σύνδεσμο στο υλικό. Οι άδειες CC πριν από την έκδοση 4.0 απαιτούν να παρέχετε τον τίτλο του υλικού.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Στην έκδοση 4.0, πρέπει να υποδείξετε εάν τροποποιήσατε το υλικό και διατηρήσατε μια ένδειξη για τις προηγούμενες τροποποιήσεις. Στην έκδοση 3.0 και στις προγενέστερες εκδόσεις της αδείας, η ένδειξη των αλλαγών απαιτείται μόνο αν δημιουργήσατε ένα παράγωγο έργο.
Οδηγός σήμανσης.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μπορείτε επίσης να χρησιμοποιήσετε μια άδεια καταχωρημένη ως συμβατή στο https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ως εμπορική χρήση νοείται πρωτίστως εκείνη που αποσκοπεί στον προσπορισμό ενός εμπορικού πλεονεκτήματος ή μιας χρηματικής ανταμοιβής.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η απλή αλλαγή του φορμά δεν δημιουργεί ένα παράγωγο.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Η άδεια απαγορεύει τη εφαρμογή αποτελεσματικών τεχνολογικών μέτρων, που ορίζονται με αναφορά στο Άρθρο 11 της Συνθήκης της Παγκόσμιας Οργάνωσης για την Προστασία της Πνευματικής Ιδιοκτησίας/ WIPO, σχετικά με το Copyright.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Τα δικαιώματα των χρηστών, πέραν των εξαιρέσεων και των περιορισμών όπως η ορθή χρήση και διανομή, δεν επηρεάζονται από τις άδειες της CC.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Ενδέχεται να πρέπει να λάβετε περαιτέρω αδειοδότηση πριν χρησιμοποιήσετε αυτό το υλικό όπως επιθυμείτε.
Περισσότερες πληροφορίες.
Μάθετε περισσότερα σχετικά με την CC αδειοδότηση ή χρησιμοποιήστε την άδεια σε δικό σας υλικό.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.cs
Toto Zkrácené znění pouze zdůrazňuje některé důležité prvky a podmínky samotných licenčních podmínek. Nejedná se o licenci a samo o sobě nemá žádnou právní váhu. Před vlastním licencováním Vašeho díla si pečlivě prostudujte veškerá ustanovení a podmínky samotné licence.
Organizace Creative Commons není advokátní kanceláří ani neposkytuje právní služby. Distribucí, zveřejněním či odkázáním na tuto licenci nebo její zkrácené znění, které ji shrnuje, nevzniká vztah mezi klientem a advokátem, ani žádný jiný vztah.
Uveďte původ — Je Vaší povinností uvést autorství, poskytnout s dílem odkaz na licenci a vyznačit Vámi provedené změny. Toho můžete docílit jakýmkoli rozumným způsobem, nicméně nikdy ne způsobem naznačujícím, že by poskytovatel licence schvaloval nebo podporoval Vás nebo Váš způsob užití díla.
Uveďte Autora:
Nová verze této licence je k dispozici. Měli byste ji využívat pro nová díla, a pokud chcete, tak i pro přelicencování starších děl. Žádná díla nejsou přelicencována automaticky.
Použitelná pravidla mimosoudního řešení sporů budou určena v autorské doložce vydané spolu s dílem, popřípadě v návrhu na mimosoudní řešení sporu. Nebude-li stanoveno v autorské doložce jinak, na jakékoli spory se použije rozhodčí řád UNCITRAL.
Více informací.
Pokud jsou následující informace známé, musíte uvést: jméno autora a spoluautorů, informace o autorských právech, informace o licenci, prohlášení o vyloučení odpovědnosti a odkaz na dílo. Licence předcházející verzi 4.0 zároveň požadují, aby byl uveden název materiálu, pokud je znám, a mohou mít i další drobné odlišné požadavky.
Více informací.
Ve verzi 4.0 musíte uvést, zda jste dílo upravili a zároveň zachovat záznamy o předchozích úpravách. Ve verzi 3.0 a předešlých verzích licencí musíte zaznamenat změny pouze v případě, že jste vytvořili odvozené dílo.
Průvodce označením.
Více informací.
Můžete použít také licenci uvedenou jako kompatibilní v tomto seznamu: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Více informací.
Komerčním využitím se rozumí použít dílo za účelem obchodního zisku nebo peněžní odměny.
Více informací.
Pouhá změna formátu nikdy nevytváří odvozené dílo.
Více informací.
Tato licence zakazuje použití účinných technologických prostředků ve smyslu článku 11 Smlouvy WIPO o právu autorském.
Více informací.
Práva uživatelů díla plynoucí z volného užití díla nejsou licencí Creative Commons dotčena.
Více informací.
Je možné, že budete potřebovat získat další povolení, než budete moci dílo použít, jak máte v úmyslu.
Více informací.
Zjistěte více o licencích Creative Commons nebo použijte CC licenci pro vlastní dílo.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.is
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Vísun til höfundar — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Vísa til uppruna þessa verks:
Ný útgáfa þessa afnotaleyfis er í boði. Þú ættir að nota hana fyrir ný verk og hugleiða að breyta afnotaleyfum eldri verka til nýrrar útgáfu. Ekkert verk er sjálfkrafa fært undir nýtt afnotaleyfi.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.tr
Bu özet asıl lisansın sadece ana hat ve kurallarını belirtir. Lisans değildir ve kanuni değer taşımaz. Lisanslanmış materyali kullanmadan önce orjinal lisanstaki tüm kural ve şartları dikkatle okumanız gerekir.
Creative Coomns bir hukuk firması değildir ve hukuki hizmet vermez. Bu özeti ya da bağlı olduğu lisansı dağıtmak, göstermek ya da linklemek bir avukat müvekkil ilişkisi yaratmaz.
Alıntı — uygun bilgiyi, lisansa linki, and ve değişiklik yapıldıysa değişiklik bilgisinivermelisiniz. Sizi veya kullanımınızı lisansörün onayladığı bilgisini içermemek kaydıyla, size uygun şekilde bu işlemleri gerçekleştirebilirsiniz.
Bu eserden alıntı yapın:
Bu lisansın yeni versiyonu mevcut. Yeni çalışmalarınızda bu lisansı kullanmalısınız ve eski çalışmalarınızı yeni versiyonla tekrar lisanslamak isteyebilirsiniz. Sonuçta hiçbir çalışma otomatik olarak yeni lisans altına alınmaz.
Uygulanabilir arabuluculuk kuralları eser ile beraber yayınlanan telif hakkı notunda yer alır, eğer yoksa arabuluculuk ihtiyacı not olarak eklenir. Esere bağlı bir telif hakkı bildirimi belirlenmemesi durumunda, UNCITRAL Tahkim Kuralları geçerlidir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Eğer sağlanmışsa, yaratıcısının ve alıntı gruplarının isimlerini, telif hakkı bildirimini, lisans uyarısını, gizlilik yönergesini ve esere linki sağlamanız gerekir. Sürüm 4.0'dan önceki CC lisansları eğer varsa eserin başlığının sağlanmasını, ve bazı küçük farklılıkları içermektedir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
4,0 ile materyali değiştirdiğiniz ve önceki değişiklikleri koruduğunuzu belirtmeniz gerekir. 3,0 ve önceki lisans sürümlerinde, değişikliklerin gösterilmesi sadece türetilen eserlerde gerekliydi.
İşaretleme rehberi.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Aynı zamanda uyumlu olarak listelenen lisanları da kullanabilirsiniz https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daha fazla bilgi.
Tticari kullanımı öncelikle ticari avantaj ya da maddi tazminat için tasarlanmıştır.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Formatta belli belirsiz değişiklik türetilmiş eser yaratmaz.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Bu lisans WIPO Copyright Treat 11 nolu maddede tanımlandığı şekliyle, etkili teknolojik önlemleri yasaklar.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Adil kullanım ve adil anlaşma gibi istisnalar ve kısıtlamalarla kullanıcıya verilen haklar CC lisansları tarafından etkilenemez.
Daha fazla bilgi.
Kullanmayı düşündüğünüz materyal için ek izinler almanız gerekebilir.
Daha fazla bilgi.
CC lisanslama hakkında daha fazla bilgi, ya da kendi materyaliniz için lisans kullanımı.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.sv
Denna sammanfattning uppmärksammar enbart vissa av de viktigaste inslagen och villkoren från den faktiska licensen. Den är inte en licens och har inget juridiskt värde. Du bör noggrant gå igenom alla villkor i den faktiska licensen innan du använder det licensierade materialet.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Erkännande — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Erkänn detta arbete:
Det finns en ny version av denna licens. Du bör använda den för nya verk och överväga att omlicensiera existerande verk med den. Inga verk blir dock automatiskt licensierade under den nya licensen.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mer information.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mer information.
I 4.0, måste du indikera om du har modifierat materialet samt behålla indikeringar på tidigare modifieringar. I 3.0 och tidigare licensversioner krävs indikering av ändringar endast om du skapar en bearbetning.
Marking guide.
Mer information.
Du kan även använd en licens som listas som likvärdig på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer information.
En kommersiell användning är en som främst är avsedd för kommersiell nytta eller monetär ersättning.
Mer information.
Att enbart ändra formatet skapar aldrig en bearbetning.
Mer information.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mer information.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mer information.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mer information.
Lär dig mer om CC-licensiering, eller använd licensen för ditt eget material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.fi
Tässä tiivistelmässä nostetaan esiin vain muutamia varsinaisen lisenssin tärkeimpiä ominaisuuksia ja ehtoja. Tiivistelmä ei ole lisenssi, eikä sillä ole oikeudellista merkitystä. Sinun tulee tutustua huolella varsinaisen lisenssin kaikkiin ehtoihin ennen lisensoidun aineiston käyttöä.
Creative Commons ei ole asianajo- tai lakiasiaintoimisto, eikä se tarjoa oikeudellisia palveluja. Tämän lisenssin tai sen tiivistelmän levitys tai näyttäminen taikka niihin linkittäminen ei luo toimeksianto- eikä muutakaan suhdetta.
Nimeä — Sinun on mainittava lähde asianmukaisesti, tarjottava linkki lisenssiin sekä merkittävä, mikäli olet tehnyt muutoksia. Voit tehdä yllä olevan millä tahansa kohtuullisella tavalla, mutta et siten, että annat ymmärtää lisenssinantajan suosittelevan sinua tai teoksen käyttöäsi.
Mainitse tekijän nimi:
Tästä lisenssistä on saatavilla uusi versio. Uutta versiota tulisi käyttää uusien teosten lisensointiin. Voit myös harkita olemassaolevien teosten uudelleenlisensointia. Teokset eivät automaattisesti siirry uuden lisenssin alle.
Sovellettavat sovittelusäännöt ilmoitetaan teoksen yhteydessä julkaistussa tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä tai sellaisen puuttuessa sovittelupyynnön yhteydessä. Ellei teoksen tekijänoikeusmerkinnässä muuta ilmoiteta, kaikkiin välitysmenettelyihin sovelletaan YK:n kansainvälisen kauppaoikeuden toimikunnan (UNICITRAL) välimiessääntöjä.
Lisätietoja.
Sikäli kuin nämä tiedot on annettu, sinun on pidettävä näkyvillä tekijän nimi ja muut nimettäväksi mainitut tahot, tekijänoikeusmerkintä, lisenssimerkintä, vastuuvapauslauseke sekä linkki aineistoon. CC-lisenssin versiota 4.0 varhaisemmat versiot edellyttävät myös aineiston nimikkeen mainitsemista ja saattavat sisältää myös muita pieniä eroavaisuuksia.
Lisätietoja.
Version 4.0 mukaan sinun on merkittävä, mikäli olet muokannut aineistoa, sekä säilyttää tiedot aiemmista muokkauksista. Versiossa 3.0 ja aiemmissa versioissa muutokset on mainittava vain, jos itse luot johdannaisteoksen.
Merkitsemisopas.
Lisätietoja.
Voit käyttää myös sellaista yhteensopivaksi luettua lisenssiä, joka on mainittu osoitteessa https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Lisätietoja.
Kaupallinen käyttö tarkoittaa tarkoittaa käyttöä, joka ei ole pääasiassa tarkoitettu kaupallisen hyödyn tai rahallisen korvauksen tavoitteluun.
Lisätietoja.
Pelkkää formaatin muuttamista ei pidetä johdannaisteoksen luomisena.
Lisätietoja.
Lisenssi kieltää tehokkaiden teknisten toimenpiteiden käytön, viitaten WIPO:n tekijänoikeussopimuksen 11 artiklan määritelmään.
Lisätietoja.
CC-lisenssit eivät vaikuta sellaisiin käyttäjän oikeuksiin, jotka perustuvat erityisiin poikkeuksiin tai rajoituksiin, kuten esimerkiksi fair use tai fair dealing -poikkeuksiin.
Lisätietoja.
Voit mahdollisesti tarvita lisälupia, jotta voit käyttää aineistoa haluamallasi tavalla.
Lisätietoja.
Lue lisää CC-lisensoinnista tai käytä tätä lisenssiä omaan aineistoosi.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ro
Acest text subliniaza doar câteva din caracteristicile cheie și termenii actualei licenței actuale. Nu este o licență și nu are nici o valoare din punct de vedere legal. Ar trebui să analizezi toți termenii și toate condițiile licenței actuale înainte de începerea utilizării acesteia.
Creative Commons nu este o firmă de avocatură și nu oferă servicii juridice. Distribuirea, afișarea, ori trimiterea cătrea acest act ori către licența ce îl rezumă nu creează o relație de tip avocat-client ori de oricare alt fel.
Atribuire — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuirea acestei opere:
O versiune nouă a acestei licenţe este disponibilă. Ar trebui să o foloseşti pentru noile opere şi ai putea să-ţi relicențiezi opere existente prin ea. Totuşi, nicio operă nu este în mod automat licenţiată prin noua versiune a licenţei.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mai multe informații.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mai multe informații.
În versiunea 4.0, trebuie să menționezi dacă ai modificat materialul și să păstrezi indicatori ai modificărilor precedente. În versiunea 3.0 și în alte versiuni anterioare, indicarea modificărilor aduse este solicitată doar dacă ai creat o operă derivată.
Ghid de marcare.
Mai multe informații.
Poți folosi de asemenea o licență ce apare ca fiind compatibilă pe https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mai multe informații.
O utilizare în scopuri comerciale este o utilizare destinată obținerii unui avantaj comercial sau unei compensații financiare.
Mai multe informații.
Simpla schimbare a formatului nu crează niciodată o operă derivată.
Mai multe informații.
Licența interzice aplicarea măsurilor tehnologice efective, definite prin referință la Articolul 11 al Tratatului privind Dreptul de Autor al Organizației Mondiale a Proprietății Intelectuale
Mai multe informații.
Drepturile utilizatorilor (ce pot realiza activități ce intră categoria excepțiilor și limitărilor), conform bunei uzanței, nu sunt afectate de licențele CC.
Mai multe informații.
Va trebui să primești permisiuni suplimentare înainte de utilizarea operei așa cum intenționezi.
Mai multe informații.
Află mai multe despre licențierea CC, sau folosește această licență pentru opera ta.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.pt_BR
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Você deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — Você deve dar o crédito apropriado, prover um link para a licença e indicar se mudanças foram feitas. Você deve fazê-lo em qualquer circunstância razoável, mas de maneira alguma que sugira ao licenciante a apoiar você ou o seu uso.
Atribuir este trabalho:
Está disponível uma nova versão desta licença. Você deve utilizá-la para licenciar trabalhos novos, e poderá considerar relicenciar os trabalhos existentes com ela. No entanto, nenhum trabalho passa automaticamente a estar licenciado com a licença nova.
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e partes da atribuição, um aviso de direito autoral, um aviso de licença e um link para o material. Licenças CC anteriores à versão 4.0 também requerem a você prover o título do material se fornecido e quaisquer outras mudanças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores sob exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.pt
Este resumo apenas realça algumas das principais características e termos da licença. Não é uma licença e não tem qualquer valor legal. Deve rever cuidadosamente todos os termos e condições da própria licença antes de usar o material licenciado.
A Creative Commons não é uma sociedade de advogados e não presta serviços jurídicos. Distribuir, exibir, ou criar um link para este resumo ou para a licença por ele resumida não cria uma relação advogado-cliente ou qualquer outra relação.
Atribuição — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Atribuir este trabalho:
Está disponível uma nova versão desta licença. Deve utilizá-la para licenciar trabalhos novos, e poderá considerar voltar a licenciar os trabalhos existentes com ela. No entanto, nenhum trabalho passa automaticamente a estar licenciado com a licença nova.
As regras de mediação aplicáveis serão designadas no aviso de direito de autor publicado com o trabalho, ou, caso não exista tal aviso, no pedido de mediação. As Regras de Arbitragem da UNCITRAL aplicam-se a qualquer arbitragem, salvo designação em contrário no aviso de direito de autor anexo ao trabalho.
Mais informações.
Caso seja fornecido, você deve indicar o nome do criador e das partes de atribuição, o aviso de direito de autor, o aviso da licença, o aviso de exoneração de responsabilidade e um link para o material. As licenças CC anteriores à Versão 4.0 também exigem que você forneça o título do material, se indicado, e podem ter outras ligeiras diferenças.
Mais informações.
Na 4.0, você deve indicar se modificou o material e manter a indicação de modificações anteriores. Na 3.0 e nas versões anteriores das licenças, a indicação de alterações apenas é exigida caso você tenha criado um trabalho derivado.
Guia de Sinalização.
Mais informações.
Você também pode utilizar uma das licenças compatíveis listadas em https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mais informações.
Um uso comercial é um uso primeiramente dirigido à obtenção de uma vantagem comercial ou compensação monetária.
Mais informações.
Uma mera modificação do formato nunca cria um trabalho derivado.
Mais informações.
A licença proíbe a aplicação de medidas eficazes de caráter tecnológico, definidas com referência ao Artigo 11 do Tratado da OMPI sobre Direito de Autor.
Mais informações.
Os direitos dos utilizadores decorrentes de exceções e limitações, tais como utilização justa ("fair use") e tratamento justo ("fair dealing"), não são afetados pelas licenças CC.
Mais informações.
Você pode necessitar de autorizações adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Mais informações.
Aprenda mais sobre o licenciamento CC, ou use a licença para o seu próprio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.pl
Przystępne podsumowanie licencji opisuje jedynie wybrane warunki i zapisy licencji Creative Commons. Niniejszy tekst nie jest licencją prawnoautorską i nie posiada wartości prawnej. Przed użyciem licencjonowanego utworu należy dokładnie zapoznać się z warunkami licencyjnymi zawartymi w licencji.
Creative Commons nie jest firmą prawniczą i nie świadczy usług prawnych. Rozpowszechnianie, publikowanie lub tworzenie odnośników do niniejszego przystępnego podsumowania ("Commons Deed") nie tworzy stosunku prawnego „adwokat-klient”.
Uznanie autorstwa — Utwór należy odpowiednio oznaczyć, podać link do licencji i wskazać jeśli zostały dokonane w nim zmiany . Możesz to zrobić w dowolny, rozsądny sposób, o ile nie sugeruje to udzielania prze licencjodawcę poparcia dla Ciebie lub sposobu, w jaki wykorzystujesz ten utwór.
Uznaj autorstwo utworu:
Jest już dostępna nowa wersja niniejszej licencji. Należy jej używać w przypadku udostępniania nowych utworów, a także rozważyć zmianę starej licencji na nową dla utworów już udostępnionych. Żadne utwory nie są jednak automatycznie objęte nową licencją.
Odpowiednie zasady mediacji zostaną wskazane w nocie prawnej opublikowanej z utworem, lub w przypadku ich braku we wniosku o mediację. Jeśli nie zaznaczono inaczej w nocie prawnej dołączonej do utworu, zastosowanie mają Reguły Arbitrażowe Komisji Narodów Zjednoczonych do spraw międzynarodowego prawa handlowego (UNCITRAL).
Więcej informacji.
Należy podać imię i nazwisko twórcy utworu lub innych podmiotów, których autorstwo należy uznać - o ile zostały podane, a także informację prawnoautorską, informację licencyjną, notę o wyłączeniu odpowiedzialności oraz odnośnik do utworu. Licencje CC wcześniejsze niż wersja 4.0 posiadają wymóg podania tytułu utworu - o ile został on podany, oraz mogą mieć inne niewielkie różnice.
Więcej informacji.
W wersji 4.0 licencji należy wskazać, czy materiał został zmodyfikowany oraz zachować opisy wcześniejszych modyfikacji (jeśli miały miejsce). W wersji 3.0 oraz wcześniejszych, zaznaczenie zmian było wymagane tylko jeśli powstał utwór zależny.
Wskazówki jak oznaczać.
Więcej informacji.
Można również wykorzystać kompatybilną licencję opisaną na stronie https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Więcej informacji.
Przez użycie komercyjne rozumiemy takie, które służy przede wszystkim uzyskaniu korzyści majątkowej lub pieniężnego wynagrodzenia.
Więcej informacji.
Sama zmiana formatu nigdy nie powoduje powstania utworu zależnego
Więcej informacji.
Licencja zakazuje wykorzystania skutecznych zabezpieczeń technicznych, zdefiniowanych w odniesieniu do Artykułu 11 traktatu WIPO o prawie autorskim.
Więcej informacji.
Licencje CC nie wpływają na prawa użytkowników wynikające z ograniczeń i wyjątków od prawa autorskiego, takich jak przepisy dozwolonego użytku, fair use czy fair dealing.
Więcej informacji.
Dodatkowe zezwolenia mogą być niezbędne aby móc korzystać z utworu w zamierzony sposób.
Więcej informacji.
Dowiedz się więcej na temat licencji Creative Commons albo użyj tej licencji dla udostępnienia własnych treści.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.no
Dette sammendraget fremhever bare noen av de viktigste egenskapene og vilkårene i lisensen. Det er ikke en lisens og har ingen juridisk betydning. Du bør lese nøye gjennom alle bestemmelsene og vilkårene i selve lisensen før du bruker det lisensierte materialet.
Creative Commons er ikke et advokatfirma og tilbyr ikke juridiske tjenester. Å distribuere, vise, eller lenke til denne oppsummeringen eller til lisensen som oppsummeres skaper ikke et advokat-klient-relasjon eller noen annen relasjon.
Navngivelse — Du må oppgi korrekt kreditering, oppgi en lenke til lisensen, og indikere om endringer er blitt gjort. Du kan kan gjøre dette på enhver rimelig måte, men uten at det kan forstås slik at lisensgiver bifaller deg eller din bruk av verket.
Krediter dette verk:
Det finnes en ny versjon av denne lisensen. Du bør bruke den for nye verk, og du kan også bruke den til å re-lisensiere eksisterende verk. Ingen verk blir automatisk plassert under den nye lisensen.
De gjeldende bestemmelser vedrørende mekling vil bli angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen som er knyttet til verket, eller i anmodningen om mekling dersom ingen slik bestemmelse er angitt. Med mindre annet er angitt i opphavsrettsnotisen knyttet til arbeidet, skal UNCITRALs voldgiftsregler gjelde for enhver mekling.
Mer informasjon.
Dersom det er oppgitt må du vise navnet på opphavspersoner og andre parter som skal navngis. Videre må du vise en opphavsrettnotis, en lisensangivelse, en ansvarsfraskrivelse, og en lenke til materialet. CC lisenser før CC 4.0 har også et krav om at du skal oppgi tittelen på materialet dersom den er oppgitt, og kan ha andre mindre forskjeller.
Mer informasjon.
I 4.0 må du indikere dersom du har endret materialet og beholde en indikasjon på tidligere endringer. I 3.0 og tidligere lisensversjoner er indikasjon av endringer kun nødvendig dersom du skaper en bearbeidelse.
Retningslinjer for markering.
Mer informasjon.
Du kan også benytte en lisens som er angitt som kompatibel på https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mer informasjon.
Kommersiell bruk er først og fremst bruk som har til hensikt å oppnå en kommersiell fordel eller i ervervsøyemed.
Mer informasjon.
Bare å endre formatet skaper ikke en bearbeidelse.
Mer informasjon.
Lisensen forbyr bruk av effektive teknologiske tiltak, definert med referanse til artikkel 11 i WIPO-traktaten om opphavsrett og kapittel 6a åndsverkloven.
Mer informasjon.
De rettighetene som er gitt brukere under unntak og begrensninger i opphavsretten, for eksempel de som er gitt i åndsverkslovens bestemmelser om rimelig anvendelse (lånereglene), blir ikke berørt av CC-lisensene.
Mer informasjon.
Du må kanskje trenge flere tillatelser før du kan bruke materialet slik du har tenkt.
Mer informasjon.
Lær mer om CC-lisensiering, eller bruk lisensen for ditt eget materiale.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.nl
Dit document belicht enkele van de belangrijkste kenmerken en voorwaarden van de volledige licentie. Dit is geen licentie en heeft geen juridische waarde. We raden aan om alle voorwaarden van de volledige licentie te bestuderen voordat je het gelicenseerde materiaal gebruikt.
Creative Commons is geen advocatenkantoor en biedt geen juridische diensten aan. Het verspreiden, tentoonstellen of linken naar dit document of de volledige licentietekst creëert geen advocaat-klantrelatie of enige andere relatie.
Naamsvermelding — De gebruiker dient de maker van het werk te vermelden, een link naar de licentie te plaatsen en aan te geven of het werk veranderd is. Je mag dat op redelijke wijze doen, maar niet zodanig dat de indruk gewekt wordt dat de licentiegever instemt met je werk of je gebruik van het werk.
Vermeld de auteur van dit werk:
Er is een nieuwe versie van deze licentie beschikbaar. De nieuwe versie van de licentie wordt aanbevolen voor nieuwe werken, en u kan tevens de licentie op de bestaande werken vervangen door de nieuwe versie van de licentie. De nieuwe versie van de licentie vervangt niet automatisch de oude versie.
De regels die bij bemiddeling van toepassing zijn, worden vastgelegd in de auteursrechtvermelding bij het werk, of wanneer dit niet het geval is tijdens het verzoek voor bemiddeling. De UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules zijn van toepassing bij elke arbitrage, tenzij anders vastgelegd is in een auteursrechtvermelding bij het werk.
Meer informatie.
Wanneer beschikbaar is het verplicht om de naam van de maker en andere rechthebbenden, een auteursrechtenvermelding, de toepasselijke licentie, een disclaimer en een link naar het materiaal te vermelden. CC-licenties voor de 4.0 versie kunnen licht verschillende naamsvermeldingsvoorwaarden hebben.
Meer informatie.
In 4.0 moet je aangeven of je materiaal gewijzigd hebt en een vermelding van vorige versies bijhouden. In 3.0 en eerdere licentieversies is een indicatie van de veranderde elementen alleen noodzakelijk als je een afgeleid werk hebt gemaakt.
Markeringsgids.
Meer informatie.
Je mag ook een licentie gebruiken die als compatibel gemarkeerd is op deze lijst: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Meer informatie.
Onder commercieel gebruik wordt verstaan datgene wat in de eerste plaats gericht is op voor commercieel voordeel of geldelijke compensatie.
Meer informatie.
Het slechts wijzigen van een bestandsformaat van een werk resulteert nooit in een afgeleid werk.
Meer informatie.
De licentie staat niet toe dat er effectieve technologische voorzieningen ingezet worden, zoals gedefinieerd in artikel 11 van het WIPO Auteursrecht Verdrag.
Meer informatie.
De rechten die op grond van de beperkingen en uitzonderingen in de Auteurswet aan de gebruiker zijn verleend, zoals het citaatrecht, blijven onaangetast door de CC-licenties.
Meer informatie.
Het is mogelijk dat je additionele toestemming moet verkrijgen voordat je het werk kan gebruiken zoals je wilt.
Meer informatie.
Leer meer over CC licensering of gebruik de licentie voor je eigen werk.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/legalcode.nl
Creative Commons
Naamsvermelding 2.5
Licentie
HET WERK (ALS HIERONDER OMSCHREVEN) WORDT TER BESCHIKKING GESTELD OVEREENKOMSTIG DE VOORWAARDEN VAN DEZE CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIEKE LICENTIE ('CCPL' OF 'LICENTIE'). HET WERK WORDT BESCHERMD OP GROND VAN HET AUTEURSRECHT, NABURIGE RECHTEN, HET DATABANKENRECHT EN/OF ENIGE ANDERE TOEPASSELIJKE RECHTEN. MET UITZONDERING VAN HET IN DEZE LICENTIE OMSCHREVEN TOEGESTANE GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK IS ENIG ANDER GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK NIET TOEGESTAAN.
DOOR HET UITOEFENEN VAN DE IN DEZE LICENTIE VERLEENDE RECHTEN MET BETREKKING TOT HET WERK AANVAARDT EN GAAT DE GEBRUIKER AKKOORD MET DE VOORWAARDEN VAN DEZE LICENTIE, MET DIEN VERSTANDE DAT (DE INHOUD VAN) DEZE LICENTIE OP VOORHAND VOLDOENDE DUIDELIJK KENBAAR DIENT TE ZIJN VOOR DE ONTVANGER.
DE LICENTIEGEVER VERLEENT DE GEBRUIKER DE IN DEZE LICENTIE OMSCHREVEN RECHTEN MET INACHTNEMING VAN DE DESBETREFFENDE VOORWAARDEN.
1. Definities
2. Beperkingen van de uitsluitende rechten. Niets in deze Licentie strekt ertoe om de rechten te beperken die voortvloeien uit de beperkingen en uitputting van de uitsluitende rechten van de rechthebbende krachtens het auteursrecht, de naburige rechten, het databankenrecht of enige andere toepasselijke rechten.
3. Licentieverlening. Met inachtneming van de voorwaarden van deze Licentie verleent de Licentiegever hierbij aan de Gebruiker een wereldwijde, niet-exclusieve licentie om de navolgende rechten met betrekking tot het Werk vrij van royalty's uit te oefenen voor de duur van de toepasselijke intellectuele eigendomsrechten:
De Gebruiker mag deze rechten uitoefenen met behulp van alle thans bekende media, dragers en formats. De Gebruiker is tevens gerechtigd om technische wijzigingen aan te brengen die noodzakelijk zijn om de rechten met behulp van andere media, dragers en formats uit te oefenen. Alle niet uitdrukkelijk verleende rechten zijn hierbij voorbehouden aan de Licentiegever.
4. Beperkingen. De in artikel 3 verleende Licentie is uitdrukkelijk gebonden aan de volgende beperkingen:
5. Garantie en vrijwaring. TENZIJ ANDERS SCHRIFTELIJK IS OVEREENGEKOMEN DOOR DE PARTIJEN, STELT DE LICENTIEGEVER HET WERK BESCHIKBAAR OP 'AS-IS' BASIS, ZONDER ENIGE GARANTIE, HETZIJ DIRECT, INDIRECT OF ANDERSZINS, MET BETREKKING TOT HET WERK, MET INBEGRIP VAN, MAAR NIET BEPERKT TOT GARANTIES MET BETREKKING TOT DE EIGENDOMSTITEL, DE VERKOOPBAARHEID, DE GESCHIKTHEID VOOR BEPAALDE DOELEINDEN, MOGELIJKE INBREUK, DE AFWEZIGHEID VAN LATENTE OF ANDERE TEKORTKOMINGEN, DE JUISTHEID OF DE AAN- OF AFWEZIGHEID VAN FOUTEN, ONGEACHT DE OPSPOORBAARHEID DAARVAN, INDIEN EN VOORZOVER DE WET NIET ANDERS BEPAALT.
6. Beperking van de aansprakelijkheid. DE LICENTIEGEVER AANVAARDT GEEN ENKELE AANSPRAKELIJKHEID JEGENS DE GEBRUIKER VOOR ENIGE BIJZONDERE OF INCIDENTELE SCHADE OF GEVOLGSCHADE VOORTVLOEIEND UIT DEZE LICENTIE OF HET GEBRUIK VAN HET WERK, ZELFS NIET INDIEN DE LICENTIEGEVER OP DE HOOGTE IS GESTELD VAN HET RISICO VAN DERGELIJKE SCHADE, INDIEN EN VOORZOVER DE WET NIET ANDERS BEPAALT.
7. Beëindiging
8. Diversen
Creative Commons is geen partij bij deze Licentie en stelt geen enkele garantie met betrekking tot het Werk. Creative Commons kan op geen enkele wijze aansprakelijk worden gehouden jegens de Gebruiker of derden voor enigerlei schade met inbegrip van, maar niet beperkt tot enige algemene, bijzondere, incidentele of gevolgschade voortvloeiend uit deze Licentie. Onverminderd het bepaalde in de twee (2) voorgaande volzinnen is Creative Commons gebonden aan alle rechten en verplichtingen van de Licentiegever indien Creative Commons zichzelf uitdrukkelijk kenbaar gemaakt heeft als de Licentiegever krachtens deze Licentie.
Met uitzondering van het beperkte doel om iedereen erop te wijzen dat het Werk in licentie is gegeven krachtens de CCPL, zal geen van de partijen de merknaam 'Creative Commons', enige daarmee verband houdende merknamen dan wel het logo van Creative Commons gebruiken zonder de voorafgaande schriftelijke toestemming van Creative Commons. Het geoorloofde gebruik dient in overeenstemming te zijn met de alsdan geldende richtlijnen betreffende het gebruik van merknamen van Creative Commons zoals die bekend worden gemaakt op de website of anderszins van tijd tot tijd, desgevraagd, ter beschikking worden gesteld.
U kunt contact opnemen met Creative Commons via de website: https://creativecommons.org/.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.hu
Ez az egyszerűsített változat a licenc néhány kulcsfontosságú részét emeli ki. Ez jogi szempontból nem számít szerződésnek és nincs kötelező ereje. A licenccel érintett mű használata előtt gondosan tanulmányozd a teljes licenc-szöveg tartalmát.
A Creative Commons nem ügyvédi iroda és nem végez jogi szolgáltatásokat. Ezen egyszerűsített szöveg vagy a teljes licenc terjesztése, bemutatása vagy arra való hivatkozás nem keletkeztet ügyvéd-kliens vagy bármilyen egyéb kapcsolatot.
Nevezd meg! — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Megjelölendő szerző:
Már rendelkezésre áll e licenc új verziója! Az új licencet használd az új művek közzétételekor. Érdemes megfontolnod a régi licenc alatt közzétett mű új licenc alatti közzétételét is. Automatikusan egyetlen régi feltételekkel közzétett mű sem kerül az új licencek alá.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
További információk.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
További információk.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
További információk.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
További információk.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
További információk.
Nem keletkeztet származékos művet a formátum megváltoztatása.
További információk.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
További információk.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
További információk.
További engedélyekre lehet szükséged ahhoz hogy a művet céljaidra felhasználhasd.
További információk.
Tudj meg többet a CC licencelésről, vagy használd a licencet saját műveidhez.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.lt
Šis dokumentas išryškina tik keletą esminių pačios licencijos savybių ir sąlygų. Tai nėra licencija ir neturi jokios teisinės galios. Turėtumėte atidžiai peržiūrėti visas pačios licencijos sąlygas prieš naudodami licencijuotą turinį.
Creative Commons nėra advokatų kontora ir neteikia teisinių paslaugų. Platinimas, rodymas ar nuorodos davimas į teisinio dokumento tekstą ar jį apibendrinančią licenciją nereiškia advokato-kliento ar kokio kito santykio.
Priskyrimas — Privalote nurodyti autorystę, įdėti nuorodą į licenciją bei nurodyti, ar yra pakeitimų. Galite tai atlikti bet kokiu racionaliu būdu, bet jokiu būdu nesudarant įspūdžio, kad licencijuotojas palaiko jus ar kaip kūrinys naudojamas.
Priskirti šį kūrinį:
Yra nauja šios licencijos versija. Turėtumėte ją naudoti visiems naujiems savo kūriniams; taip pat galite pakeisti esamų licencijas į šią. Tačiau jokių kūrinių licencija nėra automatiškai pakeičiama nauja.
Taikytinos tarpininkavimo taisyklės bus numatytos autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, arba, tokio nesant, tarpininkavimo prašyme. Nebent būtų numatyta autorių teisių įspėjime, pateiktame su kūriniu, UNCITRAL arbitražo taisyklės yra taikomos visiems arbitražo atvejams.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jei teikiama, privalote pateiti kūrėjų ir šalių vardus, autorių teisių pranešimą,atsakomybės apribojimą ir nuorodą į medžiagą. Su CC licencijomis iki 4.0 versijos taip pat privaloma pateikti medžiagos pavadinimą, jei yra, ir taip pat gali būti kitų nenidelių skirtumų.
Daugiau informacijos.
4.0 versijoje turite nurodyti, jei keitėte turinį, ir išsaugoti ankstesnių pakeitimų nuorodas. 3.0 ir ankstesnėse licencijos versijose pokyčius nurodyti reikia tik išvestiniams kūriniams.
Ženklinimo vadovas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Taip pat galite naudotis licencija, kuri nurodoma kaip suderinama čia: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Daugiau informacijos.
Komercinis panaudojimas yra toks, kuris visų pirma skirtas komencinei naudai ar piniginei grąžai.
Daugiau informacijos.
Pakeitus tik formatą, išvestinis kūrinys niekad nėra nesukuriamas.
Daugiau informacijos.
Ši licencija draudžia veiksmingų technologinių priemonių, apibrėžtų atsižvelgiant į PINO autorių teisių sutarties 11 straipsnį, taikymą.
Daugiau informacijos.
Vartotojų teisės esant išimčių ir apribojimų, pavyzdžiui, sąžiningo naudojimo, nesikeičia dėl CC licencijų.
Daugiau informacijos.
Jums gali tekti gauti papildomų leidimų prieš naudojant medžiagą taip, kaip jūs ketinate.
Daugiau informacijos.
Sužinokite daugiau apie CC licencijas arba naudokite šią licenciją savo turiniui.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.lv
Šis akts apraksta tikai galvenās patiesās licences īpašības. Tas nav pati licence un tam nav juridiskas vērtības. Jums būtu uzmanīgi jāizskata patiesās licences terminus un noteikumus pirms licencēt ar to savus materiālus.
Radošā kopiena nav juridiska firma un nepiedāvā juridiskus pakalpojumus. Šī akta attēlošana, izplatīšana vai saite uz to neveido nekādas klienta-advokāta vai citas juridiskas attiecības.
Atsaucoties — Jums ir atbilstoši jāatsaucas uz darbu, norādot saiti uz licenci un jānorāda veiktās izmaiņas. Jūs varat to darīt dažādos saprātīgos veidos, bet noteikti ne tā, kas liktu domāt, ka licencētājs ir apstiprinājis jūsu darbu vai tajā veiktās izmaiņas.
Atzīmēt šo darbu:
Ir pieejama jauna šīs licences versija. Jums vajadzētu izmantot šo licenci jauniem darbiem, un, iespējams, jūs vēlaties pārlicencēt ar šo licenci esošos darbus. Esošie darbi automātiski netiek licencēti ar jaunākās licences versiju.
Publicētā darba autortiesību atrunās tiks pievienoti attiecīgi pielāgotas autortiesību atrunas. Ja nav norādīts citādi, darbam pievienotajās autortiesību atrunās, tiks izmantoti UNCITRAL arbitrācijas likumi.
Papildu informācija.
Ja pievieno, jums ir jānorāda autora nosaukums un atsaucēm izmantojamās personas, autortiesību un licences atrunas, un saite uz materiālu. CC licencēm pirms 4.0 versijas ir jānorāda arī darba nosaukums un ir arī citas nebūtiskas atšķirības.
Papildu informācija.
4.0 versijā jums ir jānorāda mainītais materiāls un jāsaglabā arī iepriekšējās izmaiņas. 3.0 un agrākās versijās izmaiņas ir jānorāda tikai tad, ja veidojat atvasinātu darbu.
Iezīmēšanas vednis.
Papildu informācija.
Jūs varat lietot arī citas savietojamas licences
Papildu informācija.
Ar komerciālām vajadzībām pamatā saprotam atlīdzību naudā vai kādu citu komerciālu ieguvumu.
Papildu informācija.
Saglabājot darbu citā formātā, tas nav uzskatāms par atvasinātu darbu.
Papildu informācija.
Licence aizliedz izmantot tehniskus ierobežojumus, kā tie ir norādīti 11. punktā WIPO autortiesību līgumā.
Papildu informācija.
CC licences neietekmē lietotāju tiesības un ierobežojumus izņēmumu gadījumos, piemēram, godīgās izmantošanas gadījumā.
Papildu informācija.
Jums var būt nepieciešama papildu atļauja, lai lietotu materiālu tā, kā to vēlaties.
Papildu informācija.
Uzziniet vairāk parr CC licencēšanu vai tās lietošanu jūsu materiāliem.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.it
Questo documento evidenzia alcune caratteristiche e termini chiave della licenza vera e propria. Non è una licenza e non ha valore legale. Prima di utilizzare il materiale dato in licenza dovresti leggere attentamente tutti i termini e le condizioni della licenza vera e propria.
L'associazione Creative Commons non è uno studio legale e non fornisce servizi di consulenza legale. Distribuire, pubblicare o collegare tramite link a questo documento o alla licenza che esso riassume non instaura un rapporto avvocato-cliente o di qualsivoglia altro tipo.
Attribuzione — Devi riconoscere una menzione di paternità adeguata, fornire un link alla licenza e indicare se sono state effettuate delle modifiche. Puoi fare ciò in qualsiasi maniera ragionevole possibile, ma non con modalità tali da suggerire che il licenziante avalli te o il tuo utilizzo del materiale.
Attribuisci quest'opera:
È disponibile una nuova versione di questa licenza. Ti consigliamo di utilizzarla per le tue nuove opere e di sostituirla alla vecchia nelle opere che hai pubblicato in passato. Nessun opera viene rilasciata automaticamente sotto la nuova versione della licenza.
Le norme di mediazione applicabili saranno individuate nella nota di copyright pubblicata con l'opera o, in mancanza, nella richiesta di mediazione. Salvo sia convenuto altrimenti in una nota di copyright acclusa all'opera, le UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules si applicano a qualsiasi arbitrato.
Maggiori informazioni.
Se forniti, devi indicare il nome del creatore e delle altre parti designate a ricevere l'attribuzione di paternità, l'informativa sul diritto d'autore, l'informativa sulla licenza, l'informativa sull'esonero da responsabilità e un link al materiale. Le licenze CC antecedenti alla Versione 4.0 richiedono inoltre di indicare il titolo del materiale, se fornito, e possono presentare altre lievi differenze.
Maggiori informazioni.
La versione 4.0 delle licenze richiede che tu indichi se il materiale è stato modificato e mantenga un indicazione circa le modifiche antecedenti. La versione 3.0 e quelle precedenti richiedono l'indicazione dei cambiamenti solo nel caso in cui tu abbia creato un opera derivata.
Marking guide.
Maggiori informazioni.
Puoi anche adottare una licenza tra quelle elencate come compatibili all'indirizzo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Maggiori informazioni.
Un uso commerciale è quello prevalentemente inteso al perseguimento di un vantaggio commerciale o di un compenso monetario.
Maggiori informazioni.
Cambiare semplicemente il formato non crea mai un'opera derivata.
Maggiori informazioni.
La licenza proibisce l'applicazione di misure tecnologiche, come definite dall'articolo 11 del Trattato OMPI sul diritto d'autore.
Maggiori informazioni.
I diritti degli utenti derivanti da eccezioni o limitazioni al diritto d'autore, tra i quali "fair use" e "fair dealing", non sono pregiudicati dalle licenze CC.
Maggiori informazioni.
Potresti aver bisogno di autorizzazioni aggiuntive prima di utilizzare il materiale nei modi che ti sei prefisso.
Maggiori informazioni.
Scopri di più sul funzionamento delle licenze CC o utilizza questa licenza per il tuo materiale.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.id
Lisensi ini hanya mencantumkan ringkasan fitur penting dan ketentuan dari lisensi yang sebenarnya. Lisensi ini bukan lisensi yang sebenarnya dan tidak memiliki kekuatan hukum. Anda harus mengetahui seluruh ketentuan dan kondisi di dalam teks lisensi yang sebenarnya sebelum menggunakan materi berlisensi CC.
Creative Commons bukanlah suatu firma hukum dan tidak memberikan layanan hukum. Penyebarluasan, penggunaan, dan penautan kepada lisensi ini atau lisensi ringkas tidak menyebabkan munculnya suatu hubungan pengacara-klien atau hubungan lainnya.
Atribusi — Anda harus mencantumkan nama yang sesuai, mencantumkan tautan terhadap lisensi, dan menyatakan bahwa telah ada perubahan yang dilakukan. Anda dapat melakukan hal ini dengan cara yang sesuai, namun tidak mengisyaratkan bahwa pemberi lisensi mendukung Anda atau penggunaan Anda.
Atribusikan ciptaan ini:
Versi terbaru dari lisensi ini telah tersedia. Anda dianjurkan untuk menggunakannya pada ciptaan baru, dan Anda mungkin ingin melisensikan kembali ciptaan yang telah ada di bawah lisensi yang baru. Tidak ada ciptaan yang secara otomatis berada di bawah lisensi yang baru.
Hukum acara mediasi yang berlaku akan dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, atau apabila tidak dicantumkan maka dinyatakan dalam permintaan mediasi. Apabila tidak dicantumkan dalam pernyataan hak cipta yang dinyatakan dalam sebuah ciptaan, maka Hukum Acara Arbitrase UNCITRAL berlaku untuk setiap arbitrase.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Apabila tersedia, Anda harus mencantumkan nama pencipta dan pihak terkait, pemberitahuan hak cipta, pemberitahuan lisensi, sangkalan, dan tautan terhadap materi yang digunakan. Lisensi CC sebelum Versi 4.0 juga mengharuskan Anda untuk mencantumkan judul materi yang digunakan apabila tersedia, dan mungkin memiliki beberapa persyaratan yang berbeda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pada lisensi versi 4.0, Anda harus menyatakan apabila Anda mengubah materi yang digunakan dan mengindikasikan perubahan sebelumnya. Pada lisensi versi 3.0 dan sebelumnya, indikasi perubahan hanya diperlukan apabila Anda membuat ciptaan turunan.
Tanda panduan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda juga dapat menggunakan lisensi serupa yang tercantum pada https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Penggunaan komersial adalah penggunaan yang ditujukan untuk memperoleh keuntungan komersial atau kompensasi dalam bentuk uang.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Perubahan format ciptaan tidak berarti menghasilkan sebuah ciptaan turunan.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Lisensi ini melarang penggunaan sarana kontrol teknologi, yang dimaksud dalam Pasal 11 Perjanjian Hak Cipta WIPO.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Hak para pengguna di bawah pengecualian dan pembatasan, seperti penggunaan wajar, tidak terpengaruh oleh lisensi CC.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Anda mungkin membutuhkan izin tambahan sebelum menggunakan materi ini sesuai tujuan Anda.
Keterangan lebih lanjut.
Pelajari lebih lanjut tentang penggunaan lisensi CC, atau gunakan lisensi ini untuk ciptaan Anda.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.hr
Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) naglašava samo neke ključne značajke i uvjete same licence. On sam nije licence i nema pravnu težinu. Stoga pažljivo trebate proći uvjete i odredbe same licence prije nego što koristite licencirani materijal.
Creative Commons nije odvjetnički ured i ne pruža pravne usluge. Distribuiranje, prikazivanje ili postavljanje linka na Sažetak licence (Commons Deed) ili samu licencu ne konstituira odnos pravnog zastupanja ili bilo kakav drugi odnos.
Imenovanje — Morate adekvatno navesti autora, uvrstiti link na licencu i naznačiti eventualne izmjene. Možete to učiniti na bilo koji razuman način, ali ne smijete sugerirati da davatelj licence izravno podupire Vas ili Vaše korištenje djela.
Navedite autora ovog djela:
Dostupna je nova verzija ove licence. Nju biste trebali koristiti za nova djela, a možete njome iznova licencirati i postojeća djela. Međutim, nijedno djelo ne prelazi automatski na novu licencu.
Važeća pravila mirenja mogu se odrediti u autorskopravnom upozorenju koje dolazi uz djelo. A ako ga nema, onda u zahtjevu za mirenjem. Ako nije drugačije naznačeno u autorskopravnom upozorenju, za svaku arbitražu važe UNCITRAL-ova Arbitracijska pravila.
Više informacija.
Ako je naznačeno, morate ponuditi ime autora i atribucijskih stranaka, obavijest o autorskim pravima, obavijest o licenci, obavijest o odricanju od odgovornosti i link s materijalima. Ranije verzije CC od verzije 4.0. licenci traže da navedete naslov materijala i imaju nešto drugačije atribucijske zahtjeve.
Više informacija.
U verziji 4.0 morate naznačiti ako ste sami mijenjali materija i zadržati naznaku prethodnih izmjena. U verziji 3.0 i ranijim verzijama, naznaka napravljene izmjene nužna je samo u slučajevima prerade djela.
Vodič za obilježavanje.
Više informacija.
Možete također koristiti licencu koja je navedena na adresi: https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Više informacija.
Komercijalno iskorištavanje djela prije svega ide za stjecanjem komercijalne koristi ili novčane naknade.
Više informacija.
Samo promjena formata nikada ne stvara preradu.
Više informacija.
Licenca zabranjuje primjenu tehnoloških mjera kako su definirane u Članu 11. Ugovora o autorskom pravu Svjetske organizacije za intelektualno vlasništvo (WIPO).
Više informacija.
CC licence ne utječu na prava korisnika u okviru iznimki ili ograničenja autorskog prava.
Više informacija.
Možda morate dobiti dodatna dopuštenja prije no što smijete koristiti materijal na željeni način.
Više informacija.
Saznajte više o CC licencama ili dodajte licencu na vlastiti materijal.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.gl
Esta declaración realza soamente algunha das características clave e os termos da licenza actual. Non é unha licenza e non ten valor legal. Debería revisar coidadosamente todos os termos e condicións da licenza actual antes de utilizar o material licenciado.
Creative Commons non é unha empresa xurídica e non fornece servizos legais. A distribución, presentación ou vínculo con esta escritura ou coa licenza que a resume non crea unha relación de avogado-cliente nin ningunha outra.
Atribución — Debe dar o recoñecemento apropiado, fornecer un vínculo á licenza e indicar se se fixeron cambios. Pode facelo de calquera maneira razoábel pero non de maneira que poida suxerir que o licenciante o apoia a vostede ou o seu uso.
Atribuír esta obra a:
Existe unha versión nova desta licenza. Debería empregala para as súas novas obras e pode usala para cambiar a licenza de obras xa existentes. Non obstante, ningunha obra fica automaticamente suxeita a esta nova licenza.
As regras de mediación aplicábeis serán designadas nas notas de dereitos de autor publicadas coa obra, ou cando non hai ningunha na solicitada para mediación. A menos que se designe doutra maneira, nunha nota sobre dereitos de autor anexa á obra, aplicaranse as normas UNCITRAL a calquera arbitraxe.
Máis info.
De saberse, debe fornecer o nome do creador e a atribución de partes, unha nota de dereitos de autor, unha nota sobre a licenza, unha nota de aviso legal e un vínculo ao material. As licenzas CC anteriores á versión 4.0 tamén requiren que forneza o título do material, de saberse e pode ter outras leves diferenzas.
Máis info.
En 4.0, debe indicar se modifica o material e retén unha indicación das modificacións previas. Na versión 3.0 e anteriores da licenza, a indicación de cambios soamente se require se creas unha obra derivada.
Guía de marcado.
Máis info.
Tamén pode utilizar unha licenza listada como compatíbel en https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Máis info.
Unha utilización comercial é aquela que ten como propósito primario obter unha vantaxe comercial ou unha compensación económica.
Máis info.
Por simplemente cambiar o formato non se crea unha obra derivada.
Máis info.
A licenza prohibe a aplicación de medidas tecnolóxicas efectivas, segundo se derine no artigo 11 do Acordo de dereitos de autor WIPO.
Máis info.
Os dereitos dos usuarios con excepcións e limitacións, tales como o uso legal e o comercio legal non se ven afectados polas licenzas CC.
Máis info.
Pode necesitar obter permisos adicionais antes de utilizar o material como pretende.
Máis info.
Aprender máis sobre o licenciamento CC utilización da licenza para o seu propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.fr
Ce résumé n'indique que certaines des dispositions clé de la licence. Ce n'est pas une licence, il n'a pas de valeur juridique. Vous devez lire attentivement tous les termes et conditions de la licence avant d'utiliser le matériel licencié.
Creative Commons n'est pas un cabinet d'avocat et n'est pas un service de conseil juridique. Distribuer, afficher et faire un lien vers le résumé ou la licence ne constitue pas une relation client-avocat ou tout autre type de relation entre vous et Creative Commons.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribuer cette œuvre :
Une nouvelle version de cette licence est disponible. Vous devriez utiliser cette version pour de nouvelles œuvres et vous pouvez re-licencier les œuvres existantes selon ses termes. Aucune œuvre n’est placée automatiquement selon les termes de la nouvelle version de la licence.
Les règles de médiation applicables seront déterminées par la notice explicative publiée avec l'Oeuvre concernant les droits d'auteurs. En cas d'absence de notice, on se réfèrera à la notice présente dans le formulaire de demande de médiation. Les règles de l'UNCITRAL Arbitration seront appliqués en cas d'absence de notice explicative accompagnant l'oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Plus d'informations. .
Avec la version 4.0, vous devez indiquer si vous avez modifié le matériel et conserver les indications sur les modifications précédentes. Dans les versions précédentes dont la 3.0, il fallait simplement indiquer les changements si vous faisiez une oeuvre dérivée.
Guide pour attribuer une licence à votre Oeuvre.
Plus d'informations. .
Vous pouvez aussi utiliser une licence listée comme étant compatible sur at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Plus d'informations. .
Une utilisation commerciale est une utilisation qui est prioritairement destinée à susciter un avantage commercial ou une compensation financière.
Plus d'informations. .
Le fait de modifier uniquement le format d'une Oeuvre ne constitue pas une modification et ne donne pas lieu à une oeuvre dérivée.
Plus d'informations. .
La licence interdit d'appliquer des mesures effectives de protection techniques au sens de l'article 11 du traité de l'OMPI sur le droit d'auteur de 1996.
Plus d'informations. .
Les droits des utilisateurs au titre des exceptions et limitations - fair use et fair dealing aux Etats-Unis et en Grande-Bretagne -- ne sont pas affectés par les licences CC.
Plus d'informations. .
Il se peut que vous deviez obtenir des autorisations supplémentaires avant d'utiliser le matériel de la façon dont vous le souhaitez.
Plus d'informations. .
Plus d'informations à propos des licences CC, ou sur commentutilisez la licence pour votre propre matériel.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.eo
Ĉi tiu dokumento emfazas nur iujn el la ĉefaj ecoj kaj nocioj de la efektiva permesilo. Ĝi ne estas permesilo kaj havas nenian juran valoron. Estas rekomendinde atenteme pripensi ĉiujn el la nocioj kaj kondiĉoj de la efektiva permesilo antaŭ uzo de la disponebligita materialo.
La organizaĵo Krea Komunaĵo nek estas advokata firmao nek provizas jurajn servojn. Distribuado, aperigado aŭ ligado al ĉi tiu dokumento aŭ permesilo, kiun ĝi resumas, kreas nek rilaton de juristo kaj kliento nek ajnan alian.
Atribuite — Vi devas la verkon adekvate atribui, provizi ligilon al la permesilo kaj indiki, se estas faritaj modifoj. Vi rajtas tion fari en iu ajn racia maniero, sed ne en kielo supoziganta, ke la permesinto subtenas vin aŭ vian uzon.
Atribui la verkon:
Estas disponebla nova versio de ĉi tiu permesilo. Rekomendindas uzi ĝin por novaj verkoj kaj eble vi volos redisponebligi laŭ ĝi ankaŭ verkojn jam antaŭe publikigitajn laŭ iu antaŭa versio de la permesilo. Por neniu verko tiu nova aŭtomate ekvalidos.
La aplikeblaj mediaciaj reguloj estos difinitaj en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, publikigata kun la verko, aŭ se tiu ne ekzistos, en la peto pri mediacio. Se en la aŭtorrajta atentigo, almetita al la verko, ne estos difinita aliaĵo, la Arbitraciaj Reguloj UNCITRAL validos por ĉiu ajn arbitracio.
Pli da informoj.
Vi devas provizi la nomojn de la kreinto kaj atribuendaj partioj, aŭtorrajtan kaj permesilan atentigojn, malgarantiilon kaj ligilon al la materialo, se ili estas liveritaj. La versioj de la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo antaŭ 4.0 ankaŭ postulas provizi titolon de la materialo, se ĝi estas liverata, kaj povas havi aliajn etajn malsamojn.
Pli da informoj.
En 4.0 vi devas indiki, ĉu vi modifis la materialon, kaj konservi indikaĵojn pri antaŭaj modifoj. En 3.0 kaj pli fruaj versioj de permesiloj estas postulata indiko pri modifoj nur se vi kreas devenaĵon.
Gvidilo pri markado.
Pli da informoj.
Vi rajtas uzi ankaŭ permesilon, indikitan kiel kongrua sur la paĝo https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Pli da informoj.
Komerca uzo estas intencata unuavice por komerca avantaĝo aŭ mona kompenso.
Pli da informoj.
Nura ŝanĝo de la dosierformo neniam kreas devenaĵon.
Pli da informoj.
La permesilo malrajtigas onin apliki efikajn teĥnologiajn rimedojn, difinitajn kun referenco al la Artikolo 11 en la Aŭtorrajta Traktato de la Monda Organizaĵo de Intelekta Propraĵo.
Pli da informoj.
La rajtoj de uzantoj laŭ esceptoj kaj limigoj, kiel justaj uzo kaj trakto, ne estas influitaj per la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo.
Pli da informoj.
Vi eble bezonos akiri kromajn rajtigojn antaŭ uzo de la materialo laŭ via intenco.
Pli da informoj.
Eksciu pli pri disponebligado laŭ la permesiloj Krea Komunaĵo aŭ uzu la permesilon por via propra materialo.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.en
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Attribute this work:
A new version of this license is available. You should use it for new works, and you may want to relicense existing works under it. No works are automatically put under the new license, however.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.de
Diese Deed beschreibt nur einige der zentralen Eigenschaften und Klauseln der eigentlichen Lizenz. Die Deed selbst ist keine Lizenz und hat keine rechtliche Bedeutung. Sie sollten alle Klauseln und Bedingungen der eigentlichen Lizenz aufmerksam lesen, bevor Sie das lizenzierte Material nutzen.
Creative Commons ist keine Anwaltskanzlei und bietet keinerlei Rechtsdienstleistungen an. Verbreitung, Anzeigen oder Verlinken dieser Deed oder der Lizenz, die sie zusammenfasst, erzeugt keine Mandats- oder sonstige Beziehung.
Namensnennung — Sie müssen angemessene Urheber- und Rechteangaben machen, einen Link zur Lizenz beifügen und angeben, ob Änderungen vorgenommen wurden. Diese Angaben dürfen in jeder angemessenen Art und Weise gemacht werden, allerdings nicht so, dass der Eindruck entsteht, der Lizenzgeber unterstütze gerade Sie oder Ihre Nutzung besonders.
Dieses Werk jemandem zuschreiben:
Eine neuere Version dieses Lizenzvertrages ist verfügbar. Für neue Werke sollte diese aktuelle Version benutzt werden. Zu erwägen wäre auch, alte Werke unter der aktuellen Version neu zu lizenzieren. Eine automatische Neulizenzierung findet jedoch nicht statt.
Die anzuwendenden Mediationsregeln werden im Rechtehinweis genannt, der dem Werk beigefügt ist, oder ohne einen solchen Hinweis in der Mediationsaufforderung. Falls in einem Rechtehinweis zum Werk nicht anders festgelegt, gelten die UNCITRAL Schiedsgerichtssregeln für jedwedes Schiedsverfahren.
Weitere Informationen.
Soweit mitgeteilt, müssen Sie die Namen der Urhebers und Zuschreibungsempfänger, einen Rechtevermerk, einen Lizenzvermerk, einen Haftungsausschluss und einen Link zum Material angeben. Die Versionen der CC-Lizenzen vor Version 4.0 fordern außerdem, dass Sie den Titel des Materials angeben, sofern er Ihnen mitgeteilt wurde, und können auch andere geringfügige Abweichungen enthalten.
Weitere Informationen.
Gemäß Version 4.0 müssen sie angeben, ob Sie das Material verändert haben, und müssen Angaben zu davor bereits vorgenommenen Änderungen bestehen lassen. Gemäß Version 3.0 und früherer Lizenzversionen ist die Angabe von Veränderungen nur dann verpflichtend, wenn Sie eine Abwandlung erstellen.
Hinweise zur richtigen Kennzeichnung.
Weitere Informationen.
Sie können alternativ auch eine der unter https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses als kompatibel aufgelisteten Lizenzen verwenden
Weitere Informationen.
Kommerziell ist eine Nutzung dann, wenn sie in erster Linie auf kommerziell relevante Vorteile oder auf eine Vergütung abzielt.
Weitere Informationen.
Bloße Veränderungen des Formats gelten für sich genommen nie als Bearbeitungen.
Weitere Informationen.
Die Lizenz untersagt den Einsatz wirksamer technischer Schutzmaßnahmen, definiert mit Rückgriff auf Artikel 11 des WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Weitere Informationen.
Freiheiten, die Nutzer gemäß Schranken und Ausnahmen des Urheberrechts haben, etwa Rechte des Fair Use oder das Zitatrecht, werden durch CC-Lizenzen nicht berührt.
Weitere Informationen.
Für die von Ihnen gewünschte Nutzung des Materials kann es erforderlich sein, dass Sie weitere Erlaubnisse einholen.
Weitere Informationen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über CC-Lizenzierungen oder verwenden Sie diese Lizenz für Ihr eigenes Material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.da
This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.
Navngivelse — Du skal give passende kreditering, lave et link til licensen, og fortælle om eventuelle forandringer af værket. Det må du gøre på enhver fornuftig måde, men ikke tage hensyn til om licensholderen kan godkende din anvendelse.
Kildeangiv dette arbejde:
En ny version af denne licens står til rådighed. Du skal bruge den i forbindelse med nye værker, og du kan bruge den til at genlicensere eksisterende værker. Ingen værker placeres imidlertid automatisk under den nye licens.
The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
Mere info.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Mere info.
In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
Mere info.
You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Mere info.
A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
Mere info.
Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
Mere info.
The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
Mere info.
The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
Mere info.
You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
Mere info.
Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.ca
Aquest resum destaca només alguns termes i les principals característiques de la llicència real. No és una llicència i no té cap valor legal. Hauríeu de revisar atentament tots els termes i les condicions de la llicència real abans d'utilitzar el material que s'hi troba subjecte.
Creative Commons no és un bufet d'advocats i no proporciona cap servei jurídic. La distribució, la comunicació o l'enllaç a aquest resum o la llicència aquí resumida no crea cap vincle advocat-client ni cap altre tipus de relació.
Reconeixement — Heu de reconèixer l'autoria de manera apropiada, proporcionar un enllaç a la llicència i indicar si heu fet algun canvi. Podeu fer-ho de qualsevol manera raonable, però no d'una manera que suggereixi que el llicenciador us dóna suport o patrocina l'ús que en feu.
Reconegueu l'autoria d'aquesta obra a:
Hi ha disponible una versió nova d'aquesta llicència. Hauríeu d'utilitzar-la per a les obres noves, i podeu utilitzar-la per canviar la llicència d'obres ja existents. Tanmateix, cap obra queda automàticament subjecta a aquesta nova llicència.
Les regles de mediació aplicables seran designades en l'avís de de drets d'autor publicat amb l'obra, o si no hi consten llavors en la sol·licitud de mediació. Llevat que s'indiqui una altra cosa en un avís de drets d'autor adjunt a l'obra, s'aplicarà el Reglament d'arbitratge de la CNUDMI en qualsevol arbitratge.
Més informació.
En el cas que us hagi estat facilitat, caldrà indicar el nom de l'autor i el d'aquelles parts a qui calgui reconèixer, una notificació de drets d'autor, una notificació de llicència, una notificació d'exempció de responsabilitat i l'enllaç al material. Aquelles llicències Creative Commons anteriors a les versions 4.0 podran requerir a més a més, el títol del material en qüestió quan aquest hagi estat proporcionat, així com evidenciar altres lleus variants.
Més informació.
En la versió 4.0 de les llicències, heu d'indicar si heu modificat el material i conservar una indicació de les modificacions prèvies. En la versió 3.0, i en versions anteriors, només cal indicar els canvis si heu creat una obra derivada.
Guia de marcatge.
Més informació.
També podeu utilitzar una llicència compatible de la llista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Més informació.
Un ús comercial és un ús destinat principalment a obtenir avantatges comercials o compensacions monetàries.
Més informació.
Un simple canvi de format no crea una obra derivada.
Més informació.
La llicència prohibeix l'aplicació de mesures tecnològiques efectives, definides d'acord amb l'article 11 del Tractat de l'OMPI sobre Drets d'Autor.
Més informació.
Els drets dels usuaris subjectes a les limitacions i excepcions, com per excepte l'ús just o el tracte just, no queden afectats per les llicències CC.
Més informació.
Potser cal que obtingueu permisos addicionals abans d'utilitzar el material per l'ús que en vulgueu fer.
Més informació.
Aprengueu més sobre l'ús de les llicències CC, o utilitzeu-les en el vostre propi material.


--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.es_ES
Este resumen pone de relieve sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia real antes de utilizar el material sujeto a la licencia.
Creative Commons no es un despacho de abogados y no proporciona servicios jurídicos. La distribución, la comunicación o el enlace a este resumen de la licencia no crea un vínculo abogado-cliente ni cualquier otro tipo de relación.
Reconocimiento — Debe reconocer adecuadamente la autoría, proporcionar un enlace a la licencia e indicar si se han realizado cambios<. Puede hacerlo de cualquier manera razonable, pero no de una manera que sugiera que tiene el apoyo del licenciador o lo recibe por el uso que hace.
Para esta obra, reconozca a
Existe una versión nueva de esta licencia. Debería utilizarla para sus nuevas obras, y puede utilizarla para cambiar la licencia de obras ya existentes. Sin embargo, ninguna obra queda automáticamente sujeta a esta nueva licencia.
Las reglas de mediación aplicables serán designadas en el aviso de derechos de autor publicado con la obra, o, si no existiera, en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto a la obra, se aplicará el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la CNUDMI en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
Si se facilitan, debe proporcionar el nombre del creador y las partes a reconocer, un aviso de derechos de explotación, un aviso de la licencia, una nota de descargo de responsabilidad y un enlace al material. Las licencias CC anteriores a la versión 4.0 también requieren que facilite el título del material, si le ha sido facilitado, y pueden tener algunas otras pequeñas diferencias.
Más información.
En la versión 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En la versión 3.0 y las versiones anteriores de las licencias, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
Guía para el marcaje.
Más información.
También puede utilizar una licencia compatible de la lista de https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
El uso comercial es un uso destinado principalmente a obtener una ventaja comercial o una compensación monetaria.
Más información.
Cambiar simplemente el formato nunca genera una obra derivada
Más información.
La licencia prohíbe la aplicación de medidas tecnológicas efectivas, según la definición del artículo 11 del Tratado de Derecho de Autor de la OMPI.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios bajo los límites o las excepciones, como el uso justo o el trato justo, no quedan afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Puede necesitar una autorización adicional antes de utilizar el material como desea.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre las licencias CC o utilice la licencia para su propio material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/deed.es
Este resumen destaca sólo algunas de las características clave y los términos de la licencia real. No es una licencia y no tiene valor legal. Usted debe revisar cuidadosamente todos los términos y condiciones de la licencia actual antes de usar el material licenciado.
Creative Commons no es un bufete de abogados y no ofrece servicios legales. Distribuir, exhibir, o enlazar a este resumen o la licencia que se resume, no crea una relación abogado-cliente ni de cualquier otro tipo.
Atribución — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
Para esta obra, atribuir a:
Existe una versión nueva de esta licencia. Usted debería utilizarla para sus nuevas obras, y puede utilizarla para cambiar la licencia de obras ya existentes. Sin embargo, ninguna obra queda automáticamente sujeta a esta nueva licencia.
Las reglas de mediación correspondientes, se indicarán en el aviso de de derechos de autor publicadas con la obra, o en la solicitud de mediación. A menos que se indique otra cosa en un aviso de derechos de autor adjunto al trabajo, el Reglamento de Arbitraje de la Comisión de las Naciones Unidas para el Derecho Mercantil Internacional (CNUDMI) se aplica en cualquier arbitraje.
Más información.
If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
Más información.
En 4.0, debe indicar si ha modificado el material y mantener una indicación de las modificaciones anteriores. En 3.0 y versiones anteriores a la licencia, la indicación de los cambios sólo se requiere si se crea una obra derivada.
guía de marcado.
Más información.
Usted además puede utilizar una licencia que aparezca como compatible enhttps://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
Más información.
Un uso comercial es aquel que pretende principalmente obtener ventaja comercial o compensación monetaria.
Más información.
El simple hecho de cambiar el formato no genera una obra derivada.
Más información.
La licencia prohibe la aplicación efectiva de medidas tecnológicas, definidas de acuerdo al Artículo 11 del Tratado OMPI de derecho de autor.
Más información.
Los derechos de los usuarios en virtud de las excepciones y limitaciones, como el uso justo y legítimo, no se ven afectados por las licencias CC.
Más información.
Usted puede necesitar permisos adicionales antes de usar el material como lo había previsto.
Más información.
Aprenda más sobre el licenciamiento con CC outilice una licencia CC para su material.

--URL: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/legalcode
Creative Commons
Attribution 2.5
License
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
1. Definitions
2. Fair Use Rights. Nothing in this license is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any rights arising from fair use, first sale or other limitations on the exclusive rights of the copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws.
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
For the avoidance of doubt, where the work is a musical composition:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
4. Restrictions.The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. Termination
8. Miscellaneous
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, neither party will use the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time.
Creative Commons may be contacted at https://creativecommons.org/.

--URL: http://ru.wikinews.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8:%D0%9E%D1%82%D0%BA%D0%B0%D0%B7_%D0%BE%D1%82_%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%82%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8
Отказ от ответственности – Использование на свой страх и риск – Викиновости не дают медицинских советов – Викиновости не делают юридических заключений – Содержимое может вызвать у вас протест
    +  
Викиновости, интернет-проект с открытым содержимым, является добровольным сообществом личностей и групп, создающих общее хранилище новостей. Его строение позволяет любому, кто имеет доступ к интернету и браузер, изменять его содержание. Поэтому, пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что приведённые здесь сведения могут быть не проверенными профессионалами, обладающими знаниями в соответствующих областях, необходимыми для предоставления вам полной, точной или заслуживающей доверия информации о любом понятии в Викиновостях.
Нельзя сказать, что в Викиновостях не так уж много полезной и точной информации, однако вы должны сознавать, что Викиновости не может никаким способом гарантировать правильность приведённых в ней данных. Во время прочтения они могли быть только что изменены, испорчены, либо написаны тем, чьё мнение отличается от общепринятого в области знаний, интересующей вас.
Мы ищем пути проверки и отбора вызывающих наибольшее доверие версий статей, но мы не можем ничего гарантировать.
Пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что вся информация, находящаяся здесь, предоставлена свободно, как акт доброй воли, без заключения каких-либо договорённостей или договоров между вами и владельцами или пользователями данного сайта, владельцами серверов, на которых он размещён, авторами Викиновостей, администраторами проекта, операторами либо кем-то ещё, любым образом связанными с этим или родственными ему проектами, которые (договора) могут стать предметом прямых претензий. Вам предоставляется ограниченное право копировать содержимое этого сайта — данное право не предусматривает и не подразумевает никакой договорной или иной ответственности за любую часть Викиновостей или его агентов, участников, организаторов или других пользователей.
Любые торговые марки, знаки и названия товаров, служб и организаций, права на дизайн, авторские и смежные права, которые упоминаются, используются или цитируются в статьях, принадлежат их законным владельцам. Их использование здесь не даёт вам право на любое другое использование, кроме предусмотренного авторами статей Викиновостей в соответствии со схемой лицензирования GFDL. Если не указано иное, сайты Википедия и Викимедия никак не связаны с правообладателями, и поэтому Викиновости не может распоряжаться правами на использование материалов, защищённых авторским правом. Вы несёте ответственность за использование этих и подобных материалов.
Обратите внимание, что чтение, распространение или изменение информации, размещённой в Википедии, может являться нарушением законов той страны, в которой вы просматриваете этот сайт. Викиновости не призывают к нарушению никаких законов, но так как информация сохраняется на сервере в штате Флорида в США, мы пользуемся правами, предоставленными всем Первой поправкой к конституции США и принципами Универсальной декларации прав человека ООН. Законы вашей страны могут трактовать защиту свободы слова не так широко, как законы США или Хартия ООН — в этом случае Викиновости не несут ответственности за любые потенциальные нарушения этих законов вами при создании ссылок на этот сайт или другом использовании любой содержащейся здесь информации.
Викиновости не может нести ответственность за любой нанесённый ущерб, так как является добровольным сообществом, свободно организованным для создания открытых образовательных, культурных и информационных ресурсов. Информация предоставляется как акт доброй воли и не существует соглашения или акта о намерениях между вами и Викиновостей относительно использования или изменения информации, не предусмотренного Creative Commons Attribution 2.5. Также никто в Викиновости не несёт ответственности за изменение, редактирование или удаление любой информации, добавленной вами в Викиновости или другие связанные с ней проекты.
Спасибо за время, потраченное на чтение этой страницы. Желаем вам получить только приятные впечатления от пользования Викиновостями.



--URL: https://ru.wikinews.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8:%D0%9E%D0%BF%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5
    +  


Любой может внести свой вклад, и статьи пишутся совместно большой аудиторией. Мы прилагаем все усилия, чтобы соблюсти нейтральную точку зрения, обеспечиваем репортажи, как это возможно.
Кроме того, каждый из нас пишет цитаты, чтобы соблюсти высокие стандарты достоверности.
Наши правила не предусматривают мнения и комментарии в статьях — если необходимо выразить свои мысли, то попробуйте завести блог.
Викиновости — это братский проект большой Википедии, и для дальнейшего развития требуются ещё добровольцы для пополнения новостями, а также деньги, у нас не содержится рекламы. Решения принимаются коллективно в процессе обсуждения.
Викиновости содержат два главных типа статей:
Необходимо знать некоторые основы правки статей. Для этого необходимо изучить руководство «Как править новости». Тем не менее, большой необходимости концентрироваться на этом нет. Если вдруг понадобится помощь, вам помогут другие участники.
Опубликованные статьи появляются на Заглавной странице. Вы можете начать читать их, и, возможно, вы найдёте и исправите ошибки, и/или у вас появятся идеи к написанию здесь других статей.
Викиновости будут иметь своё собственное руководство по оформлению, облегчающее слаженную работу участников по созданию качественных статей. Оно будет содержать много полезных советов, включая указания по грамматике и стилю. Но 99 % необходимого можно узнать, всего лишь взглянув на уже существующие статьи.
Существует несколько способов связаться с другими участниками, пригласить или спросить.
Стоит лишь нажать на ссылку «обсуждение» вверху любой статьи, чтобы перейти на страницу обсуждения для соответствующей статьи. Редактируя страницу обсуждения, можно оставить комментарии для других читателей. Каждый участник также имеет собственную страницу обсуждения, на которой можно оставить ему сообщение.
Internet Relay Chat (IRC) канал #wikinews и #wikinews-ru в сети irc://irc.freenode.net.



--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q4387616

--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Wikidata:Data_access
This page is a starting point for you if you are an institution, company or organisation that wants to use data from Wikidata.


Wikidata offers a wide range of general data about our universe as well as links to other databases. The data is published under CC-0. It can be edited by anyone and is maintained by Wikidata's editor community.
There are several ways to access and edit the data from Wikidata. You can access data per item, or the entirety of the data as dumps.
Data can be accessed either via dereferencable URIs following linked data standards, or through the MediaWiki API.
Each item or property has a URI that is obtained by appending its ID (such as Q42 or P12) to the Wikidata namespace:
For example, the URI of Douglas Adams is http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42. Data about the item or property can be obtained from this URI, where the file format of the data can be selected through content negotiation. When opening the URI in a normal Web browser, the HTML content will be displayed.
For cases where it is inconvenient to use content negotiation (like in a normal Web browser), one can also access per-entity data in specific formats by extending the URI with a postfix to indicate the file type, such as .json, .rdf, .ttl or .nt. For example, http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json leads to a JSON export for item Q42. Specific revisions can be obtained by appending a revision query parameter like so http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json?revision=112.
See the documentation of the API.
See the homepage of this API
A properly integrated query service is being worked on. You can track the progress of it in this Phabricator project.
There are currently the following SPARQL endpoints with Wikidata data. They are all maintained by third parties and experimental.
The end points that were set up to assist RDF/SPARQL work at Wikimedia are also use to gather logs of queries, and it is particularly welcomed if you use them to try important queries. Issues should be discussed on the wikidata-l mailing list.
Note that the underlying RDF model used in each store to represent Wikidata contents may differ, since the discussion of this is still in flux as of early 2015. Moreover, some endpoints may only use part of the data (e.g., only simplified statements but not the full ones) or be based on dumps that are not the most recent.
You can also access the API by using a bot. See Wikidata:Bots for more on bots.
See the database dumps documentation.
Wikidata offers you the data in Wikidata for free with no requirement to attribute under CC-0. We would however greatly appreciate if you would mention Wikidata as the origin of your data. This will allow us to ensure that the projects stays around for a long time and provides you with up-to-date and high quality data. We will also promote the best projects using Wikidata's data. Some examples for attributing Wikidata: "Powered by Wikidata", "Powered by Wikidata Tags", "Powered by Wikidata data", "Powered by the magic of Wikidata", "Using Wikidata data", "With data from Wikidata", "Data from Wikidata", "Source: Wikidata", "Including data from Wikidata", ...
You may also use the Wikidata logo (see above), but should not do so in any way that implies endorsement by Wikidata, or the Wikimedia Foundation.
Please offer your users a way to report issues in the data and find a way to feed this back to Wikidata's editor community. We are currently working on steamlining this process. Until then please announce where you collect issues on the Project chat.
A number of great tools are being built on top of Wikidata. The external tools page collects them.

--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Wikidata:Data_access
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/V%C3%A4sk
Username: 


--URL: https://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
没有找到匹配这些规则的更改。

--URL: https://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:%E7%89%B9%E6%AE%8A%E9%A1%B5%E9%9D%A2

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:特殊页面

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%A6%E7%8A%B6%E6%80%81
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:数学状态
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7

用戶，或稱註冊用戶，是指擁有一個維基新聞帳號的人。雖然即使不用登入，也可閱讀維基新聞，甚至編輯維基百科的頁面，而且維基新聞的宗旨正是容許幾乎所有人修改幾乎所有頁面，可是成為維基新闻的用戶，不僅過程快捷、免費及方便，更可享有一些非註冊用戶沒有的權限。


任何擁有帳號的用戶，不論註冊時間或編輯次數，皆可擁有下列權限。
此外，註冊達4天用戶將會自動成為自動確認用戶，可享用更多權限。詳情請參閱Wikinews:自動確認用戶。
共享IP地址（例如學校、辦公室及公共圖書館的網絡）或代理服務器會經常因防止破壞而遭到封禁。這難免會影響一些無辜的網民。可是，註冊用戶通常可避免這類封鎖，因為封鎖一般只會針對未登入的匿名用戶。假如閣下欲登記成為用戶，但不幸使用被封鎖的IP位址，我們建議您嘗試下列方法：

--URL: http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews:Wikinewsies
Wikinewsies are the volunteer contributors who write and edit articles, produce multimedia content, review, and help maintain the Wikinews project.
There are currently 2,015,837 registered users on Wikinews.
Wikinews also grants accreditation to selected contributors.
Some users, including all the accredited reporters, identify themselves on their user pages and post contact information there. However, all users are not required to identify themselves, create these pages or to post any information on them.
This page contains lists of Wikinewsies by country, and links to other Wikinewsie lists including Wikinewsies available by Instant Messaging (IM) and other "instant" contact. Individual Wikinewsies may add themselves to appropriate lists if they wish. It is suggested that if you put your name on one of the more specific lists, that you also include your name on the alphabetical list.

--URL: http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews:About

Everything you read here is written by volunteers just like yourself. As well as starting your own articles, you can edit any page you see — expand it, fix spelling mistakes, correct facts, make policy suggestions, talk to other Wikinews contributors, and more...
Wikinews Help
Introduction Writing an article Article outline Editing help
Article tags Infoboxes Article decorations
Policies and guidelines Neutral point of view Content guide Cite sources Style guide Naming conventions Original reporting Contents
Contact us Administrators Wikinews chatroom Water cooler
Anyone can contribute, and articles are written collaboratively for a global audience. We strive at all times to meet the policy of writing and reporting from a neutral point of view, ensuring our reporting is as fair as possible.
Furthermore, everything we write is cited, to maintain the highest standards of reliability.
Our policy is to omit opinion and commentary in our articles — if you want to tell the world what you think, try blogging.
Wikinews, like its big sister Wikipedia, is run and funded by volunteers donating their time and money, and has no advertising. Decisions are made collectively, and we like to negotiate. Discussion is encouraged, and there are plenty of people around to learn from.
Everything that's done on the wiki can be undone, so it's very friendly to new users. The interface is designed to be easy to use and easy to learn.
Wikinews has two main types of article:
What exactly Wikinews covers is explained by the Content guide. Some really good examples are available at Wikinews:Featured articles.
Some essentials are needed by anyone who would like to work on articles. For one thing, you will need to know how to edit a page. However don't concern yourself too much with that. There are plenty of people willing to help you if you need help in that area. You can also try our wiki sandbox, which lets you try the code however you want.
Published articles appear on the Main Page. You could start off by reading some of those: you might find errors to correct, and get an idea of what others are writing here.
Articles which need work appear at Wikinews:Newsroom. You can find out how to write new articles here.
Like most publications, Wikinews has its own style guide, which helps its contributors make their efforts blend in harmony to produce a finished look. The style guide also contains a lot of tips and grammar guides. But you can pick up 99% of what you need to know just by looking at existing articles.
If you need to research something for an article, you'll find plenty of resources on our Wikinews:Reference desk. There is also a page on Wikipedia that organises news sources by region.
A number of facilities exist in order to communicate your intentions, suggestions and questions, with other Wikinews users.
Click on the 'discussion' link at the top of any article to go to its associated Talk page. By editing the Talk page, you can leave comments for other readers. Each user who has edited Wikinews before also has a Talk page for their username, where you can leave comments for that user.
Wikinews:Article flags invite people to work on certain aspects of an article or inform them about the state of the article, including a number of common problems which arise.
The Wikinews:Water cooler is the place to discuss general Wikinews issues.
Internet Relay Chat (IRC) channel #wikinews and #wikinews-en on irc://irc.freenode.net . You will not even need an IRC client, if you use the web interface.
If you're lost, try Wikinews:Contents.
Not quite sure if Wikinews is for you? Or if you are doing the right thing?
Try these:
Or ask someone at the Wikinews Welcommittee!
Disputes are inevitable. We are all very friendly here at Wikinews, but it is a little chaotic, and no one can see the whole of Wikinews all at once. We are not mind-readers, and as nifty as Wikinews is, even this is not a perfect communication medium.
Please be patient and polite when you have a dispute.
Tips for resolving serious disputes are at Wikinews:Dispute resolution.
Wikinews, like all wikis, tries to be non-hierarchical. However, there are some technical tasks that have to be reserved for trusted users, and for these we have Wikinews:Administrators.


null
null--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/PewpJones
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorUK
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://on.fb.me/126mJaU

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Disfruta de los últimos tráilers y clips de las películas de Walt Disney Studios.

Sigue las últimas novedades de nuestras películas a través de Walt Disney Studios www.facebook.com/waltdisneystudioses
Para disfrutar de más Magia de Disney hazte fan de nuestro canal en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://bit.ly/1lZqYnA
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
¡Bienvenido al canal oficial de Disney XD España en YouTube!

¡Suscríbete a nuestro canal y podrás disfrutar de divertidos y sorprendentes vídeos de tus series preferidas! 'Star Wars Rebels', 'Phineas y Ferb', 'Crash & Berstein', 'Hulk y los Agentes de S.M.A.S.H'., 'Los Vengadores Unidos', 'Galaxia Wander', 'Gravity Falls', 'Ultimate Spider-Man', 'Los 7E'... ¡y muchos más! http://bit.ly/1lZqYnA

Si quieres saber más sobre nuestro canal de televisión, visítanos en http://www.disneyxd.es
Y síguenos en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/disneychannelES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://www.disney.es/tv-disney/

Entra en la página de tu canal de TV Disney favorito
Disfruta con las apps y juegos más populares
Juega online con tus personajes favoritos
¿Tienes ya tu avatar?
No te pierdas los últimos vídeos musicales, adelantos y más.
Nuevo videoclip&nbsp;de la canción "A Billion Hits" de la serie Austin y Ally.
Descubre el nuevo videoclip de la canción "A Billion Hits" de la serie Austin y Ally
El secreto de Stan es desvelado
Nuevo episodio de Riley y el mundo.
Entra en las páginas de tus series de Disney Channel favoritas
Todas las series
Descubre tus series favoritas de Disney Junior
Jake y los Piratas de Nunca Jamás
Doctora Juguetes
La Princesa Sofía
Todas las series
Todas las series de Disney XD aquí
Ultimate Spiderman
Galaxia Wander
Todas las series
Síguele la pista a Disney en:
Para tener una experiencia mágica en la página de Disney, recomendamos que actualices tu navegador.

--URL: http://www.disneymediaplus.es/






Abrimos a tu marca todas las posibilidades de interacción con Disney para ofrecerte una comunicación más diferencial, emocional y eficaz. Desde medios de máxima audiencia como televisiones, webs o revistas, hasta las promociones Disney con las que te cedemos la imagen de uno de nuestros personajes para incorporarla a las creatividades de tu plan de medios creando incentivos personalizados.

Liv y Maddie consigue ser el mejor estreno en la historia de Disney Channel consiguiendo un 7.6% de rating y un 30.8% Share en niños 4-12 años. llegando al 39.3% entre las Girls 4-12. Lidera durante toda su franja de emisión entre todos los canales en niños 4-12. Consigue inmejorables datos en otros targets como Ama de casa con niños con un 2.6% de rating y un 8.8% Share y Adultos 13+ un 0,8% Rating y un 4,1% Share.

Desde medios de máxima audiencia como televisiones, webs o revistas, hasta las promociones Disney con las que te cedemos la imagen de uno de nuestros personajes para incorporarla a las creatividades de tu plan de medios creando incentivos personalizados. En esta web encontrarás información de los lanzamientos más importantes de los próximos meses, ejemplos de promociones de éxitos con partners de distintos sectores, y estudios de mercado relevantes para tu marca.

Disney Channel, canal familiar que llega al 100% de los hogares españoles y que se ha convertido en la cadena comercial favorita de los niños (Fuente: Kids tracker). Disney XD es un canal de televisión de pago dirigido a niños de 6-12 años con los contenidos más relevantes para ese target de edad, el hogar natural de la mejor animación de Marvel. Disney Junior es una cadena de pago diseñada para los niños más pequeños de la casa, de 2 a 7 años y sus familias.

Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo.
Grande marcas como Samsung, Movistar TV, Santa Lucía, Ecovidrio, FruitShoot, Nivea y Bezoya son las marcas que participaron en el gran evento familiar en la primevera 2014.

Big Hero 6" es una comedia de aventuras con la emoción y el humor que el público espera de Walt Disney Animation Studios. Narra la historia de Hiro Hamada, un prodigio de la robótica que aprende a hacer buen uso de su talento gracias a su brillante hermano Tadashi y a sus amigos: Go Go Tomago, una adicta a la adrenalina, Wasabi, un obseso de la precisión, Honey Lemon, un genio de la química y Fred. Cuando una serie de devastadores acontecimientos los catapulta a una peligrosa trama que se desarrolla en las calles de San Fransokyo, Hiro recurre a su mejor amigo, un robot llamado Baymax, y transforma al grupo en un equipo de héroes supertecnológicos dispuestos a resolver el misterio.

El clásico de Disney cobra vida convirtiendose en acción real.
Cenicienta era una hermosa y bondadosa joven, a quien su cruel madrastra y sus dos hermanastras obligaban a ocuparse de las labores más duras del palacio, como si fuera la última de las criadas. Sucedió que el hijo del Rey celebró un gran baile. Cenicienta ayudó a sus egoístas hermanastras a vestirse y peinarse para la fiesta. Cuando se hubieron marchado, la pobre niña se echó a llorar amargamente porque también le hubiera gustado ir al baile. Pero hete aquí que su hada madrina le hizo una carroza con una calabaza, convirtió seis ratoncitos en otros tantos caballos, una rata en un grueso cochero, y seis lagartos en elegantes lacayos. Después tocó a Cenicienta con su varita mágica y sus harapos se convirtieron en un vestido resplandeciente, y sus alpargatas en preciosos zapatitos de cristal. Pero el hada advirtió a Cenicienta que a medianoche, todo volvería a ser como antes. Cuando llegó a la fiesta, su radiante belleza causó asombro y admiración. El Príncipe no se apartó de ella ni un solo instante. Poco antes de la doce, Cenicienta se retiró. Al día siguiente, seguían los festejos principescos y todo se repitió de igual manera que la víspera. Pero la pobre Cenicienta, tan feliz con su Príncipe, se olvidó de que a las doce terminaba el hechizo. Cuando oyó la primera campanada de la medianoche, echó a correr y perdió uno de sus zapatos de cristal.
Disneymedia+ ha creado acuerdos de colaboración y campañas 360º con las marcas más importantes a nivel nacional en las que se han integrado todos los medios de comunicación Disney.
Tras la vinculación de Edreams con Aviones el año pasado, este año OPODO ha decidido apostar por una de nuestras películas de Imagen real. El ámbito de la promoción fue España y Portugal.
Maléfica es la historia de la malvada del cuento la Bella durmiente que todos conocemos pero ahora se desvela el porqué de que Maléfica fuera tan malvada.
Sorteamos 4 viajes gracias a los cuales conseguimos una potente comunicación en diversos medios tanto en España como en Portugal. Además, en Disney Store, por la compra de producto conseguías descuentos para viajar con OPODO.
Campaña en los cines Kinépolis donde había presencia en carteles en los cines, en su web, en la revista Kinépolis y en su newsletter. Además, también hubo campaña en prensa como Marca y El Mundo y dos menciones en los 40 principales. Ampliación de campaña en Portugal en Fox TV y Fox Live. La participación en el concurso de Fox TV fue la más alta que ha tenido la cadena!!!!!!
Por segundo año consecutivo Edreams se une a la película de animación Aviones equipo de rescate para conseguir aumentar la compra de viajes para familias y diferenciarse de la competencia.
Aviones equipo de rescate, la película de animación de este verano 2014.
Edreams cede un viaje para sorteo en los cines Kinépolis y otro para los cines NOS en Portugal. También involucramos en esta acción a Disney Store comunicando disneystore.es y creando tráfico en sus tiendas por los descuentos que ofrece Edreams en sus vuelos.
Campaña de exterior en la T4 durante una semana Campaña en los cines Kinépolis y otros medios de prensa como Marca, El Mundo, etc En Portugal, la campaña se realizó en los cines NOS y en radio (4 emisoras)
Con el nuevo lanzamiento de Desigual kids surgió la oportunidad de unirnos con una de nuestras franquicias más potentes, Violetta, para comunicar su nueva gama de niños.
El éxito de Violetta sigue batiendo records e impulsando todos nuestros negocios. La serie continúa generando estupendos datos de audiencia en Disney Channel, la segunda temporada ha cerrado con un máximo histórico.
Desigual es patrocinadora oficial de la serie Violetta así como del concurso Tu sueño Tu música. También tuvo presencia en cines con el evento Violetta la emoción del concierto.
La comunicación fue en Disney Channel y en Disney.es
-Incrementar el awareness de Andorra, País de los Pirineos. -Refuerzo atributos y posicionamiento de la marca. -Incremento de visitas a su web -Fidelización.
Con motivo del estreno de “Frozen”, el nuevo largometraje de animación de Disney, Turismo de Andorra llevó a cabo una promoción incorporando el Look&Feel de la película a sus creatividades creando una comunicación más destacada y eficaz.
Por registrarte en la web www.visitandorra.com los concursantes ganaban entradas de cine invitaciones para el preestreno y entraban en el sorteo de un fin de semana en familia en Andorra.
TV: Spot Adoch en Disney Channel Online: 100% SOV Publicidad Exterior: Circuito de Muppis y autobuses Madrid, Barcelona Valencia y Portugal Radio: Desconexiones Locales en Andorra.
- Crear un vínculo emocional con los valores Disney. - Mejorar 10 puntos la notoriedad de la marca. - Mejorar el likeability: expertos en proteger a los niños del sol.
Que mejor que con Phineas y Ferb, los hermanos que más disfrutan de actividades al aire libre. Creamos el contenido "Phineas y Ferb: Imparables" con el que estos expertos en entretenerse bajo el sol nos proponían cada vaz una nueva forma de afrontar el día con los valores de Nivea, y reflejando la importancia que tiene protegerse del sol y un buen cuidado de la piel. ¡Con Nivea Sun Kids siéntete imparable para hacer lo que más te divierta bajo el sol!
Creamos un concurso: ¿Quieres ser imparable como Phineas y Ferb? Donde gracias a Nivea Sun kids, podías hacer realidad tu sueño más increíble, desde nadar con delfines hasta hacer surf en California. Los usuarios tan solo debían contárnoslo en el microsite del concurso. Ariadna fue la ganadora del año pasado seleccionada entre más de 2.000 participantes y cumplió su sueño de nadar con delfines en Cancún
Se hizo campaña en: - Televisión: Durante un mes y medio. - Online: Creación de una propia microsite. - Revistas: Club Penguin. - DVD: 15.000 insertos. - Presencia en el gran evento: Disney Magic Run.
Y el gran éxito ha sido la creación de un acuerdo de 3 años entre The Walt Disney Company y Nivea.
- Incrementar las ventas de Batidos Puleva. - Aumentar la participación del concurso respecto a años anteriores. - Incrementar la notoriedad de la marca Puleva.
Shake it Up, la serie más marchosa y animada de Disney Channel. Gracias a su afinidad con el baile, Puleva encontraba la fórmula perfecta para celebrar la 2ª edición de Coreos Batidos Puleva.
¿Cómo participar? - Preparar una coreografía. - Grabarla en vídeo. - Y subirla a la web.
El jurado de Disney y Puleva fueron los encargados de eleguir a los ganadores y de anunciar el premio: ¡bailar la gran final en un escenario como el de Shake it Up y retrasmitir la gala en Disney Channel!
Se hizo campaña en: - Televisión: 100% SOV. - Online: 100% SOV. - Marketing Directo y presencia en el punto de venta.
El resultado ha sido inmejorable: - Más de 2.000 coreografías enviadas. - Participación activa de más de 10.000 niños. - Más de 2M de visualizaciones en YouTube durante las tres semanas de concurso.
- Generar tráfico familiar a los concesionarios. - Dar a conocer las funcionalidades de la gama familiar de Opel. - Conseguir pruebas de vehículo. - Notoriedad de marca y diferenciación de la competencia.
El lanzamiento de la película familiar del verano, Aviones, coincidió con la campaña de vehículos familiares de Opel. Los personajes de la película se incorporaron a las creatividades de Print, Online y concesionarios para hacer una comunicación más destacada y eficaz para el target.
Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo
Grandes Marcas como Samsung, Movistar TV, Santalucia Seguros, Fruit Shoot, El Mundo, Ecovidrio, Bezoya, y Nivea formaron parte de este evento deportivo y de entretenimiento y declararon su intención de repetir el año que viene.
El 7 de junio tuvo lugar en el Parque de Juan Carlos I la segunda edición del Disney Magic Run.
La carrera contó con 6.000 participantes, un 50% más que el año pasado. En esta ocasión tuvimos carreras de mañana y tarde todo ello retrasmitido en directo por una reportera muy especial, Paula Dalí y contamos con el concierto de Sweet California uno de las girl bands de momento. Ya nos estamos entrenando para la tercera edición de Disney Magic Run!!
Usa los filtros de abajo para buscar nuestras marcas por target o soporte. Simplemente elige de todos los targets y soportes disponibles y luego selecciona el apartado que quieres ver. Puedes seleccionar varios apartado y deseleccionar simplemente haciendo click sobre el mismo.

Capitán América El Soldado de Invierno es la continuación de los Vengadores. Steve Rogers se esfuerza por adaptarse al mundo moderno y debe unirse con Black Widow para luchar contra un poderoso enemigo, El Soldado de Invierno. Pero, este peligroso enemigo se revela ser su mejor amigo, Bucky, que Steve Rogers creía muerto desde hace 70 años… Capitán América El Soldado de Invierno podrás encontrar, Aventura, Héroes,Honor,Valentía, integridad, Confianza. Únete a Marvel para mejorar los objetivos de tu campaña


Alerta Agentes es un emocionantísimo juego gratuito ambientado en el mundo de Phineas y Ferb en el que puedes crear tu propio robot agente secreto!
¡La Organización Sin Acrónimo Chulo (O.S.A.C.) se enfrenta al mayor desafío de su historia cuando un ejército de robots creados por el Dr. D aterroriza Danville y el Área de los Tres Estados! El mayor Monogram está buscando nuevos reclutas para construir robots agentes secretos y así enfrentarse a los Doofenbots. ¡La O.S.A.C. necesita que te unas a sus filas y empieces a construir tu robot! Con la ayuda del Agente P y de los robots de tus amigos deberás completar misiones, perfeccionar las habilidades de tus robots en los minijuegos de entrenamiento y enfrentarte a los enemigos finales para que Danville vuelva a ser un lugar seguro. ¡Buena suerte, Agente!



Violetta es una chica adolescente con un talento muy especial para cantar, algo que ella desconoce. Este talento lo heredó de su madre, una famosa cantante que murió en un trágico accidente cuando Violetta era muy pequeña. Germán, su padre, es un hombre de éxito, y aunque es severo y protector, adora a su hija. Cegado por la tristeza, decide esconder a Violetta el pasado y el destino de su madre, por miedo a que ella siga su mismo destino. Todo cambiará cuando regresen a su ciudad natal: Buenos Aires. Conocerá a Angie, su nueva profesora e institutriz y a través de ella, se dará cuenta de su talento. Además, se encontrará con nuevas personas que le acompañarán en el camino durante su aprendizaje.
Para hacer alguna promoción con Violetta, contacte con nosotros.


El personaje más famoso y querido del mundo sigue más fresco que nunca y estrena una serie totalmente nueva, con un look retro. Descubre los cortometrajes más memorables de Mickey Mouse en esta entrañable y divertida vista atrás en el tiempo del pequeño ratón, que sigue emocionando a toda la familia.
Para hacer alguna promoción con Mickey Mouse, contacte con nosotros.


Infinity es un videojuego que reta a niños de todas las edades a mezclar libremente distintos mundos y personajes de Disney con distintos modos de juego, creando y compartiendo una experiencia nueva cada día.


Disney On Ice - Vuelve a Soñar es una combinación donde lo clásico se une a lo contemporáneo. Únete al 75 aniversario de las historias de Princesas Disney en esta aventura asombrosa. El espectáculo incluye a dos de las Princesas más modernas, Rapunzel y Tiana, la siempre elegante Cenicienta y como no, la princesa con quién empezó todo... Blancanieves. ¡Divierte con todas tus princesas favoritas en este inolvidable espectáculo sobre hielo!


Disney.es cuenta con gran variedad de contenidos.
Es el site Nº familiar con:
Usuarios Únicos: 1 Millón.
Impresiones Publicitarias: Entre 23 M y 25 M
Permanencia Media en Disney.es: 19 min


Disney Channel es el canal comercial que más gusta a los niños de 6 a 14 años (Fuente: Estudio interno)
Consigue llegar al 13% Share mejorando las previsiones de audiencia previstas. (Fuente: Kantar media: Ind 4-12 años. Ambito España)


Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo. Grande marcas como Movistar TV, Samsung, Santa Lucía, Fruitshoot, Bezoya, Nivea son las marcas que participaron en el gran evento familiar de la primavera 2013.
¿Te apuntas al siguiente Magic Run?


Sumérgete en la experiencia del nuevo juego de Mickey, Where's My Mickey? para dispositivos móviles, mientras ves episodios y resuelves rompecabezas. Toca, desliza y gira para ayudar a Mickey a conseguir agua y completar todas las historias. ¡Cada gota cuenta!


La gira de conciertos de Violetta traerá a todo el elenco de la serie más musical de Disney Channel en un gran despliegue de escenografía, vestuario y coreografía, y un increíble trabajo multimedia. Nueva gira 2015: recorrerá las principales ciudades españolas incluyendo Madrid, Barcelona, Zaragoza, Málaga y Sevilla. Impacta a un público cautivo de más de 100.000 fans integrando tu marca a través de lonas, veleros, megafonía, spots, sampling, e incluso ofrecemos que tus clientes sean los únicos que puedan saludar a sus estrellas favoritas gracias a una mecánica promocional con tu marca.


Maléfica, la historia jamás contada de la villana más querida de Disney, del clásico de 1959 "La Bella Durmiente", relata los acontecimientos que endurecieron el corazón de Maléfica y la llevaron a lanzar una maldición sobre la pequeña Aurora. La película llega a la gran pantalla en verano 2014, dirigida por Robert Stromberg y protagonizada por Angelina Jolie.
Para hacer alguna promoción con "Maléfica", contacte con nosotros.


Walt Disney Animation Studios nos lleva por los fascinantes y nevados paisajes de Noruega de la mano de dos simpáticas hermanas. Anna, una optimista y valiente chica, se embarca en un viaje épico en compañía de Kristoff, un audaz hombre de montaña, y su fiel reno Sven, para encontrar a su hermana Elsa, cuyos poderes de hielo han atrapado al reino de Arendelle en un invierno eterno. En su aventura se encontrarán con situaciones extremas, duendes místicos y un muñeco de nieve muy divertido llamado Olaf. Una película con todos los valores tradicionales de Disney de amistad, aventura, magia, humor, música... que encandilarán a grandes y pequeños. Conecta con las familias uniendo tu marca a Frozen para hacer la comunicación más diferencial de esta navidad.


Un musical excepcional con más de 16 años sobre los escenarios de Broadway, visto por casi 65 millones de espectadores y ganador de 70 premios. EL REY LEÓN transporta al espectador al exotismo africano, con evocadoras músicas, constituyendo un nuevo hito en el mundo del espectáculo, que a nadie deja indiferente. ¡No te pierdas este espectáculo único!


Su exquisito estilo hace que sea referencia en el mundo de la moda.


Princesas Disney siempre ha hecho que las niñas imaginen y crean en los cuentos de hadas. Sus historias llegan también a las nuevas generaciones de niñas a través de los libros, las películas, los juguetes y los videojuegos. Por ello el sueño de "ser una princesa" se convierte en realidad y la magia de los cuentos de hadas vuelve a comenzar.


Disney XD el canal de pago favorito de los chicos de 6 a 14 años


El protagonista es el valiente Rayo McQueen, un coche de carreras novato y egoísta que descubre que la meta no siempre es llegar el primero. Atravesando el país en dirección al gran Campeonato de la Copa Pistón en California para competir con dos veteranos, McQueen se pierde en la mítica Ruta 66 y aparece en el pueblo perdido de Radiador Springs. Allí conoce a los originales personajes que lo habitan, incluida Sally (un llamativo Porsche de 2002), Doc Hudson (un Hudson Hornet de 1951 con un misterioso pasado), y Mater (una leal grúa oxidada). Todos ellos le ayudarán a comprender que hay cosas más importantes que conseguir premios, fama y patrocinios.


Peter Parker ha sido Spider-Man solo un año. Él ha salvado vidas y luchado con supervillanos, pero aún está en proceso de aprender a ser un superhéroe. Nick Fury director de S.H.I.E.L.D. le ofrece a Peter la oportunidad de entrenar para ser un superhéroe para conviertirse en "The Ultimate Spider-Man". Sin embargo, de antemano Peter tendrá que aprender a trabajar con un equipo de compañeros de superhéroes adolescentes.Esos heroes son White Tiger(Ava Ayala),Powerman(Luke Cage),Puño de hierro(Daniel Rand) y Nova(Sam Alexander).Ellos irán con él a la escuela con su identidad civil.

Universo: Individuos 14+ España Muestra: 24.105 entrevistas. Periodicidad Anual.
Definición de Fan Disney: Fan Disney: aquellos que cumplen al menos 2 de las siguientes condiciones: • Ha visitado algún parque temático Disney en el último año. • Ha comprado un juguete Disney en el último año. • Ha comprado en la Disney Store en el último año. • Movie Goers: Acuden al cine a ver películas de temática: • Familiar • Cartoons • Teen Comedy
FAN DISNEY ESPAÑA: 1.200.000 ind.
Heavy Buyer Retail: • Su carrito de la compra semanal es de 125€ (+22% s/media pobl) • 70% hacen compras más de una vez a la semana (+23% s/media pobl) ¡Todo por los niños! • Gasto anual en: • juguetes de 222€ (+49% s/media pobl) • Videojuegos de 83€ (+10% s/media pobl) • DVD´s de 79€ (+88% s/media pobl) • El 77% afirma que los niños son lo más importante en su vida (+39% s/media pobl)
Moviegoers: • El 26% van al cine más de una vez al mes (+88% s/media pobl)
Travel Lover: • El 40% va entre 2-6 veces al año de vacaciones (+52% s/media pobl) • Gastan aproximadamente 1.090€ en cada una de ellas (+15% s/media pobl) Home - lovers: • A diario dedican 200 minutos a ver la Tv (+6% s/media pobl) y durante el fin de semana no llegan a la media poblacional. • El 90% no suelen salir por la noche (+10% s/media pobl) Marquistas: • El 15% usa ropa de marca (+149% s/media pobl) • La marca favorita de chocolates para el 23% es Lindt (+58% s/media pobl), el 45% prefiere los yogures Danone (+54%), el 34% elije Colgate (+10%), el 20% Lactovit en geles de ducha (+40%), el 15% tiene una cuenta en el Banco Santander (+32%) y el 15% posee un Ford (+92%)
Tracking semanal de recuerdo (=notoriedad) publicitario por medios. % de individuos que recuerdan haber visto/ oido algún campaña publicitario Universo: Individuos 14+ Muestra: 700 entrevistas / semana: 36.400 anuales.
• Cuando se pregunta por el recuerdo publicitario en Televisión, aquellos individuos que tienen Disney Channel entre sus 5 canales favoritos recuerdan más marcas de media (8,3) que los que tienen entre sus favoritos a canales comerciales: • A3: 7.9 • T5: 7.6
Estudio pan-europeo con muestra en España que trata de conocer los hábitos de consumo televisivo, comportamiento online, videojuegos, música, lectura de revistas, merchandising de los distintos personajes que poseen y juegos a los que dedican el tiempo libre los niños. 1500 entrevistas a niños de 6-14 1950 entrevistas a padres.
Según los padres: • El 62% afirma que le gusta ver Disney Channel con sus hijos. • El 61% considera que es un canal para toda la familia. • Sólo el 35% considera que tiene demasiados anuncios. Es el dato más bajo de entre las cadenas comerciales preguntadas (A3, T5, Cuatro y Boing) Según los niños: • El 49% comenta con sus padres la publicidad que ve en Disney Channel (el dato más alto de entre las cadenas comerciales preguntadas. • El 38% afirma que los productos que se anuncian o patrocinan Disney Channel seguro que son buenos.
+34 913849500


null--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/PewpJones
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorUK
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://on.fb.me/126mJaU

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Disfruta de los últimos tráilers y clips de las películas de Walt Disney Studios.

Sigue las últimas novedades de nuestras películas a través de Walt Disney Studios www.facebook.com/waltdisneystudioses
Para disfrutar de más Magia de Disney hazte fan de nuestro canal en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...


null--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/PewpJones
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorUK
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://on.fb.me/126mJaU

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Disfruta de los últimos tráilers y clips de las películas de Walt Disney Studios.

Sigue las últimas novedades de nuestras películas a través de Walt Disney Studios www.facebook.com/waltdisneystudioses
Para disfrutar de más Magia de Disney hazte fan de nuestro canal en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...


null--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/PewpJones
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorUK
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyJuniorES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://on.fb.me/126mJaU

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Disfruta de los últimos tráilers y clips de las películas de Walt Disney Studios.

Sigue las últimas novedades de nuestras películas a través de Walt Disney Studios www.facebook.com/waltdisneystudioses
Para disfrutar de más Magia de Disney hazte fan de nuestro canal en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WaltDisneyStudiosES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Disneyjuegos/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://bit.ly/1lZqYnA
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/about
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
¡Bienvenido al canal oficial de Disney XD España en YouTube!

¡Suscríbete a nuestro canal y podrás disfrutar de divertidos y sorprendentes vídeos de tus series preferidas! 'Star Wars Rebels', 'Phineas y Ferb', 'Crash & Berstein', 'Hulk y los Agentes de S.M.A.S.H'., 'Los Vengadores Unidos', 'Galaxia Wander', 'Gravity Falls', 'Ultimate Spider-Man', 'Los 7E'... ¡y muchos más! http://bit.ly/1lZqYnA

Si quieres saber más sobre nuestro canal de televisión, visítanos en http://www.disneyxd.es
Y síguenos en Twitter: https://twitter.com/DisneySpain
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/featured
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/discussion
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/channels
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/playlists
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DisneyXDES/videos
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/disneychannelES
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://www.disney.es/tv-disney/

Entra en la página de tu canal de TV Disney favorito
Disfruta con las apps y juegos más populares
Juega online con tus personajes favoritos
¿Tienes ya tu avatar?
No te pierdas los últimos vídeos musicales, adelantos y más.
Nuevo videoclip&nbsp;de la canción "A Billion Hits" de la serie Austin y Ally.
Descubre el nuevo videoclip de la canción "A Billion Hits" de la serie Austin y Ally
El secreto de Stan es desvelado
Nuevo episodio de Riley y el mundo.
Entra en las páginas de tus series de Disney Channel favoritas
Todas las series
Descubre tus series favoritas de Disney Junior
Jake y los Piratas de Nunca Jamás
Doctora Juguetes
La Princesa Sofía
Todas las series
Todas las series de Disney XD aquí
Ultimate Spiderman
Galaxia Wander
Todas las series
Síguele la pista a Disney en:
Para tener una experiencia mágica en la página de Disney, recomendamos que actualices tu navegador.

--URL: http://www.disneymediaplus.es/






Abrimos a tu marca todas las posibilidades de interacción con Disney para ofrecerte una comunicación más diferencial, emocional y eficaz. Desde medios de máxima audiencia como televisiones, webs o revistas, hasta las promociones Disney con las que te cedemos la imagen de uno de nuestros personajes para incorporarla a las creatividades de tu plan de medios creando incentivos personalizados.

Liv y Maddie consigue ser el mejor estreno en la historia de Disney Channel consiguiendo un 7.6% de rating y un 30.8% Share en niños 4-12 años. llegando al 39.3% entre las Girls 4-12. Lidera durante toda su franja de emisión entre todos los canales en niños 4-12. Consigue inmejorables datos en otros targets como Ama de casa con niños con un 2.6% de rating y un 8.8% Share y Adultos 13+ un 0,8% Rating y un 4,1% Share.

Desde medios de máxima audiencia como televisiones, webs o revistas, hasta las promociones Disney con las que te cedemos la imagen de uno de nuestros personajes para incorporarla a las creatividades de tu plan de medios creando incentivos personalizados. En esta web encontrarás información de los lanzamientos más importantes de los próximos meses, ejemplos de promociones de éxitos con partners de distintos sectores, y estudios de mercado relevantes para tu marca.

Disney Channel, canal familiar que llega al 100% de los hogares españoles y que se ha convertido en la cadena comercial favorita de los niños (Fuente: Kids tracker). Disney XD es un canal de televisión de pago dirigido a niños de 6-12 años con los contenidos más relevantes para ese target de edad, el hogar natural de la mejor animación de Marvel. Disney Junior es una cadena de pago diseñada para los niños más pequeños de la casa, de 2 a 7 años y sus familias.

Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo.
Grande marcas como Samsung, Movistar TV, Santa Lucía, Ecovidrio, FruitShoot, Nivea y Bezoya son las marcas que participaron en el gran evento familiar en la primevera 2014.

Big Hero 6" es una comedia de aventuras con la emoción y el humor que el público espera de Walt Disney Animation Studios. Narra la historia de Hiro Hamada, un prodigio de la robótica que aprende a hacer buen uso de su talento gracias a su brillante hermano Tadashi y a sus amigos: Go Go Tomago, una adicta a la adrenalina, Wasabi, un obseso de la precisión, Honey Lemon, un genio de la química y Fred. Cuando una serie de devastadores acontecimientos los catapulta a una peligrosa trama que se desarrolla en las calles de San Fransokyo, Hiro recurre a su mejor amigo, un robot llamado Baymax, y transforma al grupo en un equipo de héroes supertecnológicos dispuestos a resolver el misterio.

El clásico de Disney cobra vida convirtiendose en acción real.
Cenicienta era una hermosa y bondadosa joven, a quien su cruel madrastra y sus dos hermanastras obligaban a ocuparse de las labores más duras del palacio, como si fuera la última de las criadas. Sucedió que el hijo del Rey celebró un gran baile. Cenicienta ayudó a sus egoístas hermanastras a vestirse y peinarse para la fiesta. Cuando se hubieron marchado, la pobre niña se echó a llorar amargamente porque también le hubiera gustado ir al baile. Pero hete aquí que su hada madrina le hizo una carroza con una calabaza, convirtió seis ratoncitos en otros tantos caballos, una rata en un grueso cochero, y seis lagartos en elegantes lacayos. Después tocó a Cenicienta con su varita mágica y sus harapos se convirtieron en un vestido resplandeciente, y sus alpargatas en preciosos zapatitos de cristal. Pero el hada advirtió a Cenicienta que a medianoche, todo volvería a ser como antes. Cuando llegó a la fiesta, su radiante belleza causó asombro y admiración. El Príncipe no se apartó de ella ni un solo instante. Poco antes de la doce, Cenicienta se retiró. Al día siguiente, seguían los festejos principescos y todo se repitió de igual manera que la víspera. Pero la pobre Cenicienta, tan feliz con su Príncipe, se olvidó de que a las doce terminaba el hechizo. Cuando oyó la primera campanada de la medianoche, echó a correr y perdió uno de sus zapatos de cristal.
Disneymedia+ ha creado acuerdos de colaboración y campañas 360º con las marcas más importantes a nivel nacional en las que se han integrado todos los medios de comunicación Disney.
Tras la vinculación de Edreams con Aviones el año pasado, este año OPODO ha decidido apostar por una de nuestras películas de Imagen real. El ámbito de la promoción fue España y Portugal.
Maléfica es la historia de la malvada del cuento la Bella durmiente que todos conocemos pero ahora se desvela el porqué de que Maléfica fuera tan malvada.
Sorteamos 4 viajes gracias a los cuales conseguimos una potente comunicación en diversos medios tanto en España como en Portugal. Además, en Disney Store, por la compra de producto conseguías descuentos para viajar con OPODO.
Campaña en los cines Kinépolis donde había presencia en carteles en los cines, en su web, en la revista Kinépolis y en su newsletter. Además, también hubo campaña en prensa como Marca y El Mundo y dos menciones en los 40 principales. Ampliación de campaña en Portugal en Fox TV y Fox Live. La participación en el concurso de Fox TV fue la más alta que ha tenido la cadena!!!!!!
Por segundo año consecutivo Edreams se une a la película de animación Aviones equipo de rescate para conseguir aumentar la compra de viajes para familias y diferenciarse de la competencia.
Aviones equipo de rescate, la película de animación de este verano 2014.
Edreams cede un viaje para sorteo en los cines Kinépolis y otro para los cines NOS en Portugal. También involucramos en esta acción a Disney Store comunicando disneystore.es y creando tráfico en sus tiendas por los descuentos que ofrece Edreams en sus vuelos.
Campaña de exterior en la T4 durante una semana Campaña en los cines Kinépolis y otros medios de prensa como Marca, El Mundo, etc En Portugal, la campaña se realizó en los cines NOS y en radio (4 emisoras)
Con el nuevo lanzamiento de Desigual kids surgió la oportunidad de unirnos con una de nuestras franquicias más potentes, Violetta, para comunicar su nueva gama de niños.
El éxito de Violetta sigue batiendo records e impulsando todos nuestros negocios. La serie continúa generando estupendos datos de audiencia en Disney Channel, la segunda temporada ha cerrado con un máximo histórico.
Desigual es patrocinadora oficial de la serie Violetta así como del concurso Tu sueño Tu música. También tuvo presencia en cines con el evento Violetta la emoción del concierto.
La comunicación fue en Disney Channel y en Disney.es
-Incrementar el awareness de Andorra, País de los Pirineos. -Refuerzo atributos y posicionamiento de la marca. -Incremento de visitas a su web -Fidelización.
Con motivo del estreno de “Frozen”, el nuevo largometraje de animación de Disney, Turismo de Andorra llevó a cabo una promoción incorporando el Look&Feel de la película a sus creatividades creando una comunicación más destacada y eficaz.
Por registrarte en la web www.visitandorra.com los concursantes ganaban entradas de cine invitaciones para el preestreno y entraban en el sorteo de un fin de semana en familia en Andorra.
TV: Spot Adoch en Disney Channel Online: 100% SOV Publicidad Exterior: Circuito de Muppis y autobuses Madrid, Barcelona Valencia y Portugal Radio: Desconexiones Locales en Andorra.
- Crear un vínculo emocional con los valores Disney. - Mejorar 10 puntos la notoriedad de la marca. - Mejorar el likeability: expertos en proteger a los niños del sol.
Que mejor que con Phineas y Ferb, los hermanos que más disfrutan de actividades al aire libre. Creamos el contenido "Phineas y Ferb: Imparables" con el que estos expertos en entretenerse bajo el sol nos proponían cada vaz una nueva forma de afrontar el día con los valores de Nivea, y reflejando la importancia que tiene protegerse del sol y un buen cuidado de la piel. ¡Con Nivea Sun Kids siéntete imparable para hacer lo que más te divierta bajo el sol!
Creamos un concurso: ¿Quieres ser imparable como Phineas y Ferb? Donde gracias a Nivea Sun kids, podías hacer realidad tu sueño más increíble, desde nadar con delfines hasta hacer surf en California. Los usuarios tan solo debían contárnoslo en el microsite del concurso. Ariadna fue la ganadora del año pasado seleccionada entre más de 2.000 participantes y cumplió su sueño de nadar con delfines en Cancún
Se hizo campaña en: - Televisión: Durante un mes y medio. - Online: Creación de una propia microsite. - Revistas: Club Penguin. - DVD: 15.000 insertos. - Presencia en el gran evento: Disney Magic Run.
Y el gran éxito ha sido la creación de un acuerdo de 3 años entre The Walt Disney Company y Nivea.
- Incrementar las ventas de Batidos Puleva. - Aumentar la participación del concurso respecto a años anteriores. - Incrementar la notoriedad de la marca Puleva.
Shake it Up, la serie más marchosa y animada de Disney Channel. Gracias a su afinidad con el baile, Puleva encontraba la fórmula perfecta para celebrar la 2ª edición de Coreos Batidos Puleva.
¿Cómo participar? - Preparar una coreografía. - Grabarla en vídeo. - Y subirla a la web.
El jurado de Disney y Puleva fueron los encargados de eleguir a los ganadores y de anunciar el premio: ¡bailar la gran final en un escenario como el de Shake it Up y retrasmitir la gala en Disney Channel!
Se hizo campaña en: - Televisión: 100% SOV. - Online: 100% SOV. - Marketing Directo y presencia en el punto de venta.
El resultado ha sido inmejorable: - Más de 2.000 coreografías enviadas. - Participación activa de más de 10.000 niños. - Más de 2M de visualizaciones en YouTube durante las tres semanas de concurso.
- Generar tráfico familiar a los concesionarios. - Dar a conocer las funcionalidades de la gama familiar de Opel. - Conseguir pruebas de vehículo. - Notoriedad de marca y diferenciación de la competencia.
El lanzamiento de la película familiar del verano, Aviones, coincidió con la campaña de vehículos familiares de Opel. Los personajes de la película se incorporaron a las creatividades de Print, Online y concesionarios para hacer una comunicación más destacada y eficaz para el target.
Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo
Grandes Marcas como Samsung, Movistar TV, Santalucia Seguros, Fruit Shoot, El Mundo, Ecovidrio, Bezoya, y Nivea formaron parte de este evento deportivo y de entretenimiento y declararon su intención de repetir el año que viene.
El 7 de junio tuvo lugar en el Parque de Juan Carlos I la segunda edición del Disney Magic Run.
La carrera contó con 6.000 participantes, un 50% más que el año pasado. En esta ocasión tuvimos carreras de mañana y tarde todo ello retrasmitido en directo por una reportera muy especial, Paula Dalí y contamos con el concierto de Sweet California uno de las girl bands de momento. Ya nos estamos entrenando para la tercera edición de Disney Magic Run!!
Usa los filtros de abajo para buscar nuestras marcas por target o soporte. Simplemente elige de todos los targets y soportes disponibles y luego selecciona el apartado que quieres ver. Puedes seleccionar varios apartado y deseleccionar simplemente haciendo click sobre el mismo.

Capitán América El Soldado de Invierno es la continuación de los Vengadores. Steve Rogers se esfuerza por adaptarse al mundo moderno y debe unirse con Black Widow para luchar contra un poderoso enemigo, El Soldado de Invierno. Pero, este peligroso enemigo se revela ser su mejor amigo, Bucky, que Steve Rogers creía muerto desde hace 70 años… Capitán América El Soldado de Invierno podrás encontrar, Aventura, Héroes,Honor,Valentía, integridad, Confianza. Únete a Marvel para mejorar los objetivos de tu campaña


Alerta Agentes es un emocionantísimo juego gratuito ambientado en el mundo de Phineas y Ferb en el que puedes crear tu propio robot agente secreto!
¡La Organización Sin Acrónimo Chulo (O.S.A.C.) se enfrenta al mayor desafío de su historia cuando un ejército de robots creados por el Dr. D aterroriza Danville y el Área de los Tres Estados! El mayor Monogram está buscando nuevos reclutas para construir robots agentes secretos y así enfrentarse a los Doofenbots. ¡La O.S.A.C. necesita que te unas a sus filas y empieces a construir tu robot! Con la ayuda del Agente P y de los robots de tus amigos deberás completar misiones, perfeccionar las habilidades de tus robots en los minijuegos de entrenamiento y enfrentarte a los enemigos finales para que Danville vuelva a ser un lugar seguro. ¡Buena suerte, Agente!



Violetta es una chica adolescente con un talento muy especial para cantar, algo que ella desconoce. Este talento lo heredó de su madre, una famosa cantante que murió en un trágico accidente cuando Violetta era muy pequeña. Germán, su padre, es un hombre de éxito, y aunque es severo y protector, adora a su hija. Cegado por la tristeza, decide esconder a Violetta el pasado y el destino de su madre, por miedo a que ella siga su mismo destino. Todo cambiará cuando regresen a su ciudad natal: Buenos Aires. Conocerá a Angie, su nueva profesora e institutriz y a través de ella, se dará cuenta de su talento. Además, se encontrará con nuevas personas que le acompañarán en el camino durante su aprendizaje.
Para hacer alguna promoción con Violetta, contacte con nosotros.


El personaje más famoso y querido del mundo sigue más fresco que nunca y estrena una serie totalmente nueva, con un look retro. Descubre los cortometrajes más memorables de Mickey Mouse en esta entrañable y divertida vista atrás en el tiempo del pequeño ratón, que sigue emocionando a toda la familia.
Para hacer alguna promoción con Mickey Mouse, contacte con nosotros.


Infinity es un videojuego que reta a niños de todas las edades a mezclar libremente distintos mundos y personajes de Disney con distintos modos de juego, creando y compartiendo una experiencia nueva cada día.


Disney On Ice - Vuelve a Soñar es una combinación donde lo clásico se une a lo contemporáneo. Únete al 75 aniversario de las historias de Princesas Disney en esta aventura asombrosa. El espectáculo incluye a dos de las Princesas más modernas, Rapunzel y Tiana, la siempre elegante Cenicienta y como no, la princesa con quién empezó todo... Blancanieves. ¡Divierte con todas tus princesas favoritas en este inolvidable espectáculo sobre hielo!


Disney.es cuenta con gran variedad de contenidos.
Es el site Nº familiar con:
Usuarios Únicos: 1 Millón.
Impresiones Publicitarias: Entre 23 M y 25 M
Permanencia Media en Disney.es: 19 min


Disney Channel es el canal comercial que más gusta a los niños de 6 a 14 años (Fuente: Estudio interno)
Consigue llegar al 13% Share mejorando las previsiones de audiencia previstas. (Fuente: Kantar media: Ind 4-12 años. Ambito España)


Disney Magic Run es un evento deportivo y de entretenimiento familiar donde conviven las carreras para todas las edades, las actividades tematizadas, conciertos, meet and greet de personajes y talents Disney,.... la mejor manera de impactar a las familias en vivo. Grande marcas como Movistar TV, Samsung, Santa Lucía, Fruitshoot, Bezoya, Nivea son las marcas que participaron en el gran evento familiar de la primavera 2013.
¿Te apuntas al siguiente Magic Run?


Sumérgete en la experiencia del nuevo juego de Mickey, Where's My Mickey? para dispositivos móviles, mientras ves episodios y resuelves rompecabezas. Toca, desliza y gira para ayudar a Mickey a conseguir agua y completar todas las historias. ¡Cada gota cuenta!


La gira de conciertos de Violetta traerá a todo el elenco de la serie más musical de Disney Channel en un gran despliegue de escenografía, vestuario y coreografía, y un increíble trabajo multimedia. Nueva gira 2015: recorrerá las principales ciudades españolas incluyendo Madrid, Barcelona, Zaragoza, Málaga y Sevilla. Impacta a un público cautivo de más de 100.000 fans integrando tu marca a través de lonas, veleros, megafonía, spots, sampling, e incluso ofrecemos que tus clientes sean los únicos que puedan saludar a sus estrellas favoritas gracias a una mecánica promocional con tu marca.


Maléfica, la historia jamás contada de la villana más querida de Disney, del clásico de 1959 "La Bella Durmiente", relata los acontecimientos que endurecieron el corazón de Maléfica y la llevaron a lanzar una maldición sobre la pequeña Aurora. La película llega a la gran pantalla en verano 2014, dirigida por Robert Stromberg y protagonizada por Angelina Jolie.
Para hacer alguna promoción con "Maléfica", contacte con nosotros.


Walt Disney Animation Studios nos lleva por los fascinantes y nevados paisajes de Noruega de la mano de dos simpáticas hermanas. Anna, una optimista y valiente chica, se embarca en un viaje épico en compañía de Kristoff, un audaz hombre de montaña, y su fiel reno Sven, para encontrar a su hermana Elsa, cuyos poderes de hielo han atrapado al reino de Arendelle en un invierno eterno. En su aventura se encontrarán con situaciones extremas, duendes místicos y un muñeco de nieve muy divertido llamado Olaf. Una película con todos los valores tradicionales de Disney de amistad, aventura, magia, humor, música... que encandilarán a grandes y pequeños. Conecta con las familias uniendo tu marca a Frozen para hacer la comunicación más diferencial de esta navidad.


Un musical excepcional con más de 16 años sobre los escenarios de Broadway, visto por casi 65 millones de espectadores y ganador de 70 premios. EL REY LEÓN transporta al espectador al exotismo africano, con evocadoras músicas, constituyendo un nuevo hito en el mundo del espectáculo, que a nadie deja indiferente. ¡No te pierdas este espectáculo único!


Su exquisito estilo hace que sea referencia en el mundo de la moda.


Princesas Disney siempre ha hecho que las niñas imaginen y crean en los cuentos de hadas. Sus historias llegan también a las nuevas generaciones de niñas a través de los libros, las películas, los juguetes y los videojuegos. Por ello el sueño de "ser una princesa" se convierte en realidad y la magia de los cuentos de hadas vuelve a comenzar.


Disney XD el canal de pago favorito de los chicos de 6 a 14 años


El protagonista es el valiente Rayo McQueen, un coche de carreras novato y egoísta que descubre que la meta no siempre es llegar el primero. Atravesando el país en dirección al gran Campeonato de la Copa Pistón en California para competir con dos veteranos, McQueen se pierde en la mítica Ruta 66 y aparece en el pueblo perdido de Radiador Springs. Allí conoce a los originales personajes que lo habitan, incluida Sally (un llamativo Porsche de 2002), Doc Hudson (un Hudson Hornet de 1951 con un misterioso pasado), y Mater (una leal grúa oxidada). Todos ellos le ayudarán a comprender que hay cosas más importantes que conseguir premios, fama y patrocinios.


Peter Parker ha sido Spider-Man solo un año. Él ha salvado vidas y luchado con supervillanos, pero aún está en proceso de aprender a ser un superhéroe. Nick Fury director de S.H.I.E.L.D. le ofrece a Peter la oportunidad de entrenar para ser un superhéroe para conviertirse en "The Ultimate Spider-Man". Sin embargo, de antemano Peter tendrá que aprender a trabajar con un equipo de compañeros de superhéroes adolescentes.Esos heroes son White Tiger(Ava Ayala),Powerman(Luke Cage),Puño de hierro(Daniel Rand) y Nova(Sam Alexander).Ellos irán con él a la escuela con su identidad civil.

Universo: Individuos 14+ España Muestra: 24.105 entrevistas. Periodicidad Anual.
Definición de Fan Disney: Fan Disney: aquellos que cumplen al menos 2 de las siguientes condiciones: • Ha visitado algún parque temático Disney en el último año. • Ha comprado un juguete Disney en el último año. • Ha comprado en la Disney Store en el último año. • Movie Goers: Acuden al cine a ver películas de temática: • Familiar • Cartoons • Teen Comedy
FAN DISNEY ESPAÑA: 1.200.000 ind.
Heavy Buyer Retail: • Su carrito de la compra semanal es de 125€ (+22% s/media pobl) • 70% hacen compras más de una vez a la semana (+23% s/media pobl) ¡Todo por los niños! • Gasto anual en: • juguetes de 222€ (+49% s/media pobl) • Videojuegos de 83€ (+10% s/media pobl) • DVD´s de 79€ (+88% s/media pobl) • El 77% afirma que los niños son lo más importante en su vida (+39% s/media pobl)
Moviegoers: • El 26% van al cine más de una vez al mes (+88% s/media pobl)
Travel Lover: • El 40% va entre 2-6 veces al año de vacaciones (+52% s/media pobl) • Gastan aproximadamente 1.090€ en cada una de ellas (+15% s/media pobl) Home - lovers: • A diario dedican 200 minutos a ver la Tv (+6% s/media pobl) y durante el fin de semana no llegan a la media poblacional. • El 90% no suelen salir por la noche (+10% s/media pobl) Marquistas: • El 15% usa ropa de marca (+149% s/media pobl) • La marca favorita de chocolates para el 23% es Lindt (+58% s/media pobl), el 45% prefiere los yogures Danone (+54%), el 34% elije Colgate (+10%), el 20% Lactovit en geles de ducha (+40%), el 15% tiene una cuenta en el Banco Santander (+32%) y el 15% posee un Ford (+92%)
Tracking semanal de recuerdo (=notoriedad) publicitario por medios. % de individuos que recuerdan haber visto/ oido algún campaña publicitario Universo: Individuos 14+ Muestra: 700 entrevistas / semana: 36.400 anuales.
• Cuando se pregunta por el recuerdo publicitario en Televisión, aquellos individuos que tienen Disney Channel entre sus 5 canales favoritos recuerdan más marcas de media (8,3) que los que tienen entre sus favoritos a canales comerciales: • A3: 7.9 • T5: 7.6
Estudio pan-europeo con muestra en España que trata de conocer los hábitos de consumo televisivo, comportamiento online, videojuegos, música, lectura de revistas, merchandising de los distintos personajes que poseen y juegos a los que dedican el tiempo libre los niños. 1500 entrevistas a niños de 6-14 1950 entrevistas a padres.
Según los padres: • El 62% afirma que le gusta ver Disney Channel con sus hijos. • El 61% considera que es un canal para toda la familia. • Sólo el 35% considera que tiene demasiados anuncios. Es el dato más bajo de entre las cadenas comerciales preguntadas (A3, T5, Cuatro y Boing) Según los niños: • El 49% comenta con sus padres la publicidad que ve en Disney Channel (el dato más alto de entre las cadenas comerciales preguntadas. • El 38% afirma que los productos que se anuncian o patrocinan Disney Channel seguro que son buenos.
+34 913849500


--URL: http://www.disneymediaplus.es/sites/default/themes/disneymp/load-video-player.php

--URL: http://www.disneyinternational.com/

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/

The latest games, apps and videos
Check out the Olaf A Lots Shorts today's lesson!
Have fun making your own fairy!
Watch the latest clips, trailers and more!
Jessie arrives in New York City to follow her dreams and suddenly finds herself as the nanny to the children of a famous movie director and ex-supermodel turned business mogul.
Mickey Mouse and friends help viewers solve specific age-appropriate problems using basic skills.
Iron Man joins Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Hawkeye, Black Widow, and Falcon as they assemble to fight the foes no single Super Hero could! The high-stakes action, adventure and characters you loved in the feature film come together in Marvel’s Avengers Assemble!
Liv and Maddie are identical twin sisters who’ve lived apart for four years. Now they are reunited they must learn to cope with high school life, mischievous brothers and each other's differences!
Check out all your favourite Disney TV shows
Play games, download activities and find out about your favourite characters
Find out about the latest movies
Play games online or on your tablet and mobile
To get the most magical experience from the Disney website, we recommend that you update your web browser to the latest version.

--URL: http://disney.co.za/legal-information


This site is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company Africa Limited, a company registered in South Africa with its registered office at Boundary Place, 18 Rivonia Road, Illovo, Johannesburg.
If you have any queries you can contact us at +27 11 772 2506 or write to us at Customerservice.Africa@disney.com
Company Registration Number: 4430162737
VAT Number: 9700014/07

To get the most magical experience from the Disney website, we recommend that you update your web browser to the latest version.

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/
Find out about how to keep safe online.
Learn about online safety.

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/parent-home.html
At Disney we take your child's safety very seriously and we are committed to helping families enjoy the Internet safely. The Internet is an integral part of our lives, and for children it provides a lot of fun, entertainment and a great space for learning and communicating.
Exploring the Internet is something that the family can do together. When your children are young it's good to sit with them and watch them navigate the web, giving them a helping hand when necessary. As children get older they want greater privacy – but if they are away from you, then drop in from time to time. Chat with them about the sites they have found and ask them to show you any games or videos they have been playing.
Like all good parents we know you may have concerns about the potential risks that your child could face when online. Kids can find inappropriate material, unintentionally download viruses, suffer cyber bullying and need to be aware of the possibility of "stranger danger". So, just how do you begin to protect your child?
Begin by talking to your children. Find out which sites they visit and ask what their friends do online. You can also talk about the sites they go to when away from home, perhaps at school, at a friend's or in the public library.
What else do kids need to know?
The online help can be divided into three main categories:
Read more about tips and help.
View all FAQs

--URL: http://ad.dc2.adtech.de/adlink|3.0|637|1146989|0|16|ADTECH;loc=300;key=key1+key2+key3+key4;grp=[group]

--URL: http://ad.dc2.adtech.de/adlink|3.0|637|2201433|0|225|ADTECH;loc=300;key=key1+key2+key3+key4;grp=[group]

--URL: http://ad.dc2.adtech.de/adlink|3.0|637|2201434|0|170|ADTECH;loc=300;key=key1+key2+key3+key4;grp=[group]

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/parent-faqs.html
You need to immediately report this to the site administrator and your ISP.
If a chat or IM service says that it is moderated this usually means that someone is watching what is being put up online. However, you need to be aware that there are different levels of moderation and it is best to find out just what type of moderation is on offer.
Advise your child not to respond and to tell you or a trusted adult. Online abuse can happen at any time when your child is online and can be anything from cruel and hurtful comments in a chat room, email or on an un-moderated message board. Tell your child not to delete the evidence and you need to report the abuser. For more advice, tips and to report severe abuse contact Beatbullying http://www.beatbullying.org
No it's not. It should be deleted as the attachment may carry a virus that will damage the computer.
Instant messaging (IM) can be great fun but if you have safety concerns social networking/instant messaging tools can be filtered; the filter works by checking certain words or phrases. However, you can tell your child never to respond to an Instant Message from someone they don't know. Advise them to stay in the age limited areas on the sites that you have allowed them to access. Try to keep an eye on their online activity.
Yes, there is video filtering software available that blocks any inappropriate video material that is online. It works by accessing the metadata (descriptive text and tags) around the video.
If a site asks your child to register it may only be for marketing information and to sell something. However some sites will not allow access until registration is completed. Tell your child to seek your permission before they register so you can make your own judgement.

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/parent-safety-software.html
The online help can be divided into three main categories
The official Department for Education and Employment guide to internet safety http://www.saferinternet.org.uk/advice-and-resources/parents
Visit Thinkuknow.co.uk — the CEOP Centre's online safety centre providing advice and tips for children and adults of all ages.
European Schoolsnet contains links to various European governments' educational websites at http://www.en.eun.org
NSPCC Help and Advice Safety tips for parents and carers on Social Networking and User Interactive Sites
http://www.nspcc.org.uk/helpandadvice/parentsandcarers/safesurfing /socialnetworkingsites_wdn42181.html
The Internet Watch Foundation is run by the UK Internet industry, and provides a hotline for people to report material which they think is illegal. Further details can be found at http://www.iwf.org.uk/
Information about various different systems is available at http://www.getnetwise.org/tools/

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/parent-safe-surfing.html
Begin by talking to your children. Find out which sites they visit and ask what their friends do online. You can also talk about the sites they go to when away from home, perhaps at school, at a friend's or in the public library.
Once you're talking, you can raise any issues and agree your "internet ground rules". Before your child sits down at the computer you can :-
It is a good idea to have the computer in a central location so that you can keep an eye on what your child is doing online. If you have an older child who is using a computer in their own room, and you are worried about the sites they may have been visiting, then it can be quite useful to keep an eye on the browser history.
The online world is very like the real world in many respects and not everyone is just what he or she seems to be. You need to make sure that your child does not give out too much information when they are chatting to people they don't know. Your child should never give:-
They should never meet up with anyone they have communicated with online, either in a chat room or through Instant Messaging (IM).
Advise your children to tell you immediately if they get a message from a stranger saying, "Don't tell anyone about what we are doing."
If your child has received a worrying message report it to the site administrator.
Email is a great way for kids to communicate but they do need to know that they should not open emails from strangers or download attachments from people or sites they don't know. You will need to explain that an email or attachment can carry a virus and what that virus could do to the computer.
If your child uses a web cam on your computer be aware that 'real time' abuse of children can happen. Even from a distance children can become victims of predatory or grooming behaviour so keep a watchful eye on who your children are communicating with.
It's important to remind your kids that when they are online they need to behave with the same courtesy they would if they were having a face to face conversation. They should not use abusive language, but if they receive hurtful or vicious comments then they need to tell you or another trusted adult.
There are a lot of tools on the market that will help you to control access to certain sites. Browsers have built in access controls, as do social networking sites. Your ISP provider will have child safety information available and you can purchase extra filtering and blocking software.
Parental controls are very useful and with them you can:-
If you do use special filtering software remember to keep it up to date as new threats are continually appearing.
For more tips that can help you and your family to use the internet safely go to what's out there to help you.

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/child-home.html
Hi there, do you want to know more about how to keep safe when you're surfing the net? Mickey and his friends are here to give you their safe surfing tips so join them by clicking on Donald or Mickey.

--URL: http://www.disney.co.za/safe-surfing/game/child-game-over10.html
To play the Disney Safe Surfing game, you need the free Adobe Flash player and a Javascript enabled browser.
Download the Flash Player from Adobe.com

--URL: http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/
Step: 1 of 3

JavaScript error encountered. Unable to install latest version of Flash Player.
System requirements
If your operating system/browser combination is not displayed, refer to the Archived Flash Player versions page.
Adobe® Flash® Player is a lightweight browser plug-in and rich Internet application runtime that delivers consistent and engaging user experiences, stunning audio/video playback, and exciting gameplay.
Installed on more than 1.3 billion systems, Flash Player is the standard for delivering high-impact, rich Web content.
By clicking the "Download now" button, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the Adobe Software Licensing Agreement.
Note: Your antivirus software must allow you to install software.
Download now
Total size: MB
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Choose your region
United States (Change)
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of use | Privacy | Cookies


--URL: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html
For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!
Last updated: June 18, 2014
Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring the privacy settings within your browser (please refer to your browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Adobe websites and applications may not function properly.
Adobe and the companies that help us run our business use cookies in several ways, such as:
Learn more about cookies from the Interactive Advertising Bureau.
Technically speaking, cookies are called “HTTP cookies.” There are other technologies that can be used for similar purposes, such as HTML5 Local Storage and local shared objects (LSOs). LSOs are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe® Flash® Player and the websites hosting those files (learn more about Flash Player and LSOs). We may use HTML5 Local Storage, LSOs, and similar technologies for authenticating you, keeping track of information you have provided to us, and remembering your preferences (see bullet points above). When you are using an Adobe application offline, we may store information related to how you used that application on your device and then transfer it to our servers the next time you connect online to our service.
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites and applications, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are bits of programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify Adobe (or the companies that help us run our business) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are bits of programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, such as which links you click. We use this information to improve our websites and online services, tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests, and conduct market research. You may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as JavaScript, within your browser (please refer to your browser's help function). Note that if you disable scripting functionality, some Adobe websites and applications may not function properly.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Advertising services
Analytics services
Applications (UPDATED)
Cookies
Hosted services
Law enforcement requests (UPDATED)
Marketing
Other policies
Safe Harbor
Social networking
Ask a question
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices

--URL: https://www.adobe.com/cis/
См. специальные предложения ›
Приобрести по телефону: +44 203 0277 764
See special offers ›
Purchase by phone: +44 203 0277 764
North America
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
South America
Commonwealth of Independent States
Southeast Asia
Copyright © 2014 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies

--URL: https://www.adobe.com/cis/special/offers_en.html
Browse our best deals. Shop and save with Adobe discounts and promotions.
Purchase by phone: +44 203 0277 764

Get the latest version of Photoshop CC plus Lightroom for desktop, mobile, and web for just US$9.99/month. Join now

Adobe Creative Suite 3, 4, 5, 6 customers – join Creative Cloud and receive special introductory pricing of US$29.99 per month for your first year of membership. Join now | Join now – prepaid plan | See terms

Now you can get the 2014 release of Creative Cloud for just $19.99/month. for the first year. Join now | See terms
North America
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
South America
Commonwealth of Independent States
Southeast Asia
Copyright © 2014 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/store/cis_en/popup/offer/edu_puf_promo.html
Introductory Pricing Terms and Conditions
$19.99/month Creative Cloud Introductory Pricing – Save 60%
Eligible  students 13 and older and teachers can purchase an annual membership to Adobe® Creative Cloud™ for a reduced price of $19.99/month for the first year. After the first year we will renew your contract automatically for another year at the then-current standard monthly price (currently at $29.99/month), unless you cancel. This pricing is valid for purchases of an annual plan, which requires a 12-month contract. This pricing is available for first time membership only and limited to eligible education customers who purchase directly from the Adobe Store or by calling Adobe Sales. This pricing is not available to OEM, commercial or volume licensing customers. This pricing is limited to one (1) purchase of one (1) Creative Cloud annual membership per customer. Offer may not be assigned, exchanged, sold, transferred, or combined with any other discount or offer, or redeemed for cash or other goods and services. This pricing is subject to change without notice. Void where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law.
Join now for US$19.99/month (monthly payment)
 
One Year Prepaid Creative Cloud Introductory Pricing - Save 60%
Eligible  students 13 and older and teachers can purchase an annual membership to Adobe® Creative Cloud™ for a reduced price of $239.88 for the first year. After the first year we will renew your contract automatically for another year at the then-current standard annual price (currently at $359.88), unless you cancel. This pricing is available for first time membership only and limited to eligible education customers who purchase directly from the Adobe Store or by calling Adobe Sales. This pricing is not available to OEM, commercial or volume licensing customers. This pricing is limited to one (1) purchase of one (1) Creative Cloud annual membership per customer. Offer may not be assigned, exchanged, sold, transferred, or combined with any other discount or offer, or redeemed for cash or other goods and services. This pricing is subject to change without notice. Void where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law.
Join now for US$239.88/year (annual payment)

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/store/cis_en/popup/offer/ccm_complete_offer.html
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. Eligible customers may purchase an Adobe® Creative Cloud™ Complete Membership with annual commitment for a reduced price. Offer valid for purchases of an annual plan, which requires a 12-month contract. This offer is only available to customers who own a Creative Suite edition or individual product in one of the following versions (CS3.x, CS4, CS5.x, CS6), and who purchase directly from the Adobe Store or by calling a regional Adobe Call Center. This offer is not available to Education, OEM, or volume licensing customers. Residents of embargoed countries are not eligible. This offer is limited to one (1) purchase of one (1) Creative Cloud Complete annual membership per customer. Offer is subject to U.S. export control laws and laws where the recipient resides. Offer may not be assigned, exchanged, sold, transferred, or combined with any other discount or offer, or redeemed for cash or other goods and services. Offer is valid until February 27, 2015, and can be changed without notice.

--URL: https://www.adobe.com/cis/special/offers_ru.html
Узнайте о наших выгодных предложениях. Экономьте благодаря скидкам и акциям Adobe.
Приобрести по телефону: +44 203 0277 764

Новейшие версии Photoshop CC и Lightroom для настольных ПК, мобильных устройств и работы в Интернете всего за $9.99/мес. Оформить

Пользователи Adobe Creative Suite 3, 4, 5 или 6! Воспользуйтесь Creative Cloud по специальной цене $29.99 в месяц в течение первого года. Оформить | Оформить - предоплаченный план | Условия

Выпуск Creative Cloud 2014 всего за $19.99/месяц за первый год. Оформить | Условия
North America
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
South America
Commonwealth of Independent States
Southeast Asia
Copyright © 2014 Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/store/cis_ru/popup/offer/edu_puf_promo.html
Вводные цены и условия
Вводная цена на Creative Cloud — всего $19.99 в месяц (экономия 60%)
Учащиеся старше 13 лет и преподаватели могут приобрести годовую подписку на Adobe® Creative Cloud™ по сниженной цене — всего за $19.99 в месяц в течение первого года. Если подписка не отменена, то по истечении года произойдет ее автоматическое продление еще на один год по действующим на тот момент стандартным расценкам на ежемесячную подписку (в данный момент $29.99 в месяц). Цена действительна при покупке годового плана с соглашением на 12 месяцев. Данное предложение распространяется только на первое приобретение подписки для учащихся или преподавателей из образовательных учреждений (при покупке через интернет-магазин Adobe Store или по телефону отдела продаж Adobe). Предложение не распространяется на OEM-производителей, коммерческие предприятия и участников программ корпоративного лицензирования. Каждый заказчик может совершить только 1 (одну) покупку 1 (одной) полной годовой подписки на Creative Cloud. Предложение нельзя распределить, обменять, продать, передать или объединить с другими скидками или предложениями либо обменять на эквивалент денежных средств или другие товары и услуги. Цена может быть изменена без предварительного уведомления. Предложение не действует там, где это запрещено, облагается налогом или ограничено законом.
Присоединяйтесь всего за $19.99 в месяц (ежемесячные платежи)
 
Вводная цена годового соглашения Creative Cloud — экономия 60%
Учащиеся старше 13 лет и преподаватели могут приобрести годовую подписку на Adobe® Creative Cloud™ по сниженной цене — всего за $239.88 за первый год. Если подписка не отменена, то по истечении года произойдет ее автоматическое продление еще на один год по действующим на тот момент расценкам на годовую подписку (в данный момент $359.88 в год). Данное предложение распространяется только на первое приобретение подписки для учащихся или преподавателей из образовательных учреждений (при покупке через интернет-магазин Adobe Store или по телефону отдела продаж Adobe). Предложение не распространяется на OEM-производителей, коммерческие предприятия и участников программ корпоративного лицензирования. Каждый заказчик может совершить только 1 (одну) покупку 1 (одной) полной годовой подписки на Creative Cloud. Предложение нельзя распределить, обменять, продать, передать или объединить с другими скидками или предложениями либо обменять на эквивалент денежных средств или другие товары и услуги. Цена может быть изменена без предварительного уведомления. Предложение не действует там, где это запрещено, облагается налогом или ограничено законом.
Присоединяйтесь всего за $239.88 в год (платеж за год)


--URL: http://www.adobe.com/store/cis_ru/popup/offer/ccm_complete_offer.html
НЕ ДЕЙСТВУЕТ ТАМ, ГДЕ ЭТО ЗАПРЕЩЕНО ИЛИ ОГРАНИЧЕНО ЗАКОНОМ. Клиенты могут воспользоваться правом приобретения полной подписки на Adobe® Creative Cloud™ с годовым соглашением по сниженной стоимости. Предложение действительно для покупки годового плана, для которого требуется контракт на 12 месяцев. Это предложение доступно только для владельцев издания Creative Suite или отдельных продуктов одной из следующих версий: CS3.x, CS4, CS5.x или CS6, а также для тех, кто осуществляет покупку непосредственно в интернет-магазине Adobe или связавшись с региональным Call-центром Adobe. Это предложение не распространяется на клиентов — сотрудников образовательных учреждений, OEM-производителей и участников программы корпоративного лицензирования. Предложение не распространяется на жителей страны, в отношении которой действует эмбарго. Каждый заказчик может совершить только 1 (одну) покупку 1 (одной) полной годовой подписки на Creative Cloud. Данное предложение регулируется законом о контроле экспорта США, а также законодательством страны, в которой проживают получатели. Предложение нельзя распределить, обменять, продать, передать или объединить с другими скидками или предложениями или обменять на денежные средства или другие товары и услуги. Предложение действительно до 27 февраля 2015 г. и может быть изменено без уведомления.

--URL: https://www.adobe.com/company.html
For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!
Adobe is the global leader in digital marketing and digital media solutions. Our tools and services allow our customers to create groundbreaking digital content, deploy it across media and devices, measure and optimize it over time, and achieve greater business success. We help our customers make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel and screen.
Who we are is best expressed by what we do with creativity and data. Learn more about us ›
Related links:
Fast facts
Adobe Conversations blog
Corporate Responsibility
Life@Adobe blog
Learn more about key leaders at Adobe, their business focus areas, and what inspires them. View executive profiles and bios ›
Related links:
Shantanu Narayen
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
More Adobe news, social media, and analyst resources ›
See how customers are transforming their businesses with digital marketing and digital media solutions ›
Careers
Adobe is an award-winning employer. Consider joining us.
Discover Adobe's wide range of initiatives for creating positive change in our operations, our community, and the environment.
Get the latest Adobe news and other resources for media.
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/news-room/pressreleases/2015010/012815AdobeCompletesFotoliaAcquisition.html
For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!
Vibrant Image and Video Marketplace to Be Integrated as Key Part of Adobe Creative Cloud
SAN JOSE, Calif. — Jan. 28, 2015 — Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) has completed its acquisition of privately held Fotolia, a leading marketplace for stock content. Adobe announced its intent to purchase Fotolia in December 2014 and the acquisition cements Creative Cloud’s role as a vibrant market for creatives to buy and sell assets and services as well as showcase their talent to a worldwide audience. Work will now begin on integrating Fotolia into Adobe Creative Cloud. This will provide current and future Creative Cloud members with the ability to access and purchase over 35 million images and videos, significantly simplifying and accelerating the design process. Adobe also plans to continue to operate Fotolia as a standalone stock service, accessible to anyone.
Founded in 2004, with offices in New York, Paris and Berlin, Fotolia currently operates in 23 countries and has websites in 14 languages.
“We’re now hard at work to radically simplify the buying and selling of stock content,” said David Wadhwani, senior vice president, Digital Media, Adobe. “Fotolia is helping Creative Cloud become the marketplace for creatives to buy and sell high-impact assets, find talent and promote their work in front of an influential global community.”
With more than 3.4 million members, Adobe Creative Cloud features the world’s leading desktop tools, an array of complementary mobile apps, training content, creative assets and services and ready access to a dynamic community. Creative Cloud is transforming how creatives find inspiration and deliver their best work — and the value of Creative Cloud is increasing all the time through product updates and new capabilities.
Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure This press release includes forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including risks and uncertainties related to Adobe’s ability to successfully integrate Fotolia’s stock content service into Creative Cloud. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including statements regarding: the ease of use of any future Adobe stock content service, the functionality of the service’s commerce system, plans for integrating the service into Creative Cloud and other anticipated benefits of the transaction to Adobe; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These risks, uncertainties and other factors, and the general risks associated with Adobe’s business, could cause actual results to differ materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Adobe and are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, individuals should refer to Adobe's SEC filings. Adobe does not assume any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements or other statements included in this press release.
About Adobe Systems Incorporated Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. For more information, visit www.adobe.com.
View or download a printable full version of this article
###
© 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Adobe, the Adobe logo, Creative Cloud and Adobe Marketing Cloud are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Investor Relations Mike Saviage Adobe Systems Incorporated 408-536-4416 ir@adobe.com
Public Relations Russell Brady Adobe Systems Incorporated 408-536-6048 rbrady@adobe.com
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices

--URL: http://www.adobe.com/events/main.jsp
For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!
Hear an inspirational keynote. Meet others who are as passionate about their work as you are. Learn a cool new product tip. Get connected in person at a live event.
Inspire: Artists at Work with Maria Grønlund January 14, 2015, 10am (Pacific Time) — Online Danish designer Maria Grønlund will give an inside look at her creative process as she demonstrates her unique Illustrator techniques.
After Effects for (Almost) Everyone January 15, 2015, 10am (Pacific Time) — Online Animator and Adobe Certified Instructor Joost van der Hoeven will provide a great introduction to Adobe’s powerful motion graphics and visual effects application.
Blurring the Lines Between Indie and Hollywood January 23, 2015, 3pm (Mountain Time) — Online Watch this live streamed event direct from the Sundance 2015 Film Festival. Whether you’re an aspiring filmmaker or a seasoned pro, cutting-edge video tools have never been more readily available or affordable, blurring the lines between indie productions and Hollywood. Watch the discussion with Academy Award winner Rob Legato (The Wolf of Wall Street, Hugo, Avatar), Kyle Patrick Alvarez (The Stanford Prison Experiment, C.O.G., Easier with Practice), and Dave Ginsberg, CTO of the Sundance Institute and former technology executive with Warner Bros. Learn how collaboration and integration are changing the game for filmmakers and empowering creativity.
The Creativity Dividend Webinar January 29, 2015, 7am (Pacific Time) — Online
A new study shows that companies that embrace creativity experience greater revenue growth and greater market share over their peers. Learn how fostering creativity can benefit your business.  
Adobe MAX Online View sessions on demand
Couldn’t attend MAX this year? You don’t have to miss out on all the inspiring content. MAX Online lets you view the keynotes and sessions at your convenience.  
Adobe Muse Jam Online every Thursday — 9am (Pacific Time) Join Dani Beaumont, Adobe Muse principal product manager, for a weekly online Adobe Muse user group, where she shows tips and techniques that will help you create amazing websites without writing code. Access each session at my.adobeconnect.com/musejam.
Creative Cloud, Made for Business February 3, 2015  — Bangkok, Thailand
IT professionals face daunting challenges in managing software licenses and deployment. Join us at this seminar to discover the advantages of moving to Adobe Creative Cloud for teams. You’ll learn how Creative Cloud for teams can simplify your creative software deployment process with a centralized administrative tool. You can also increase budget predictability with the membership plans.
FITC Tokyo 2015 February 7–8, 2015  — Tokyo, Japan
Discover new ideas and concepts and explore the possibilities of technology in design and art at FITC Tokyo 2015. Learn how designers and technologists are reinventing what their tools are designed for, finding alternative ways to get what they want, and pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to avoid mediocrity.
Ask a Video Pro: The Secrets to Running a Great Wedding Video Business February 12, 2015, 10am Pacific Time — Online
It’s one thing to make great videos. It’s another to make a living doing it. Join the husband and wife team of Summeyah Mir and Jawad Mir to learn how they have made a success of their company.
HOW DesignCast Webinar: 5 Things Print Designers Need to Know About Designing for the Web February 24, 2015, 10am (Pacific Time) — Online
These days, more and more print designers are branching out into web design to broaden their professional horizons. Join Brian Wood as he covers some of the design challenges you’ll encounter with your transition to the web.
Adobe Working Late Series: A Typeface Is a Chair February 25, 2015, 7pm (Pacific Time) — San Francisco
In the first of three events in the new Adobe series Working Late in San Francisco, typographer Stephen Coles will discuss letter forms and furniture structures, making parallels between the objects we rest on and the words we read.
Ask a Video Pro: The Filmmaking Workflow with Premiere Pro and Creative Cloud February 26, 2015, 10am (Pacific Time) — Online
Senior editor, filmmaker, consultant, and popular trainer Christine Steele will demonstrate how to set up a whole production pipeline. Learn why she switched to Adobe Premiere Pro and how the video tools in Creative Cloud.
Adobe Summit — The Digital Marketing Conference March 9–13, 2015  — Salt Lake City, Utah Immerse yourself in four high-energy days of learning, networking, and innovation. At Summit, you can learn the latest digital trends and discover where marketing is going. This is your chance to hear from industry leaders, product experts, and visionaries who can help you get better, more quantifiable results from your marketing programs.
Adobe Creative Cloud Bootcamp March 9–22, 2015 — Orlando, Florida/ Irvine, California Adobe Bootcamp offers you the possibility to advance your skills fast. The schedule was built to accommodate hands-on, multilevel training for the Adobe application of your choice within a short time frame. The event spans the course of two weeks; however, you will only attend the classes that match your interests and training needs. Organized in two cities simultaneously: Orlando, Florida, and Irvine, California.
Creative Cloud Masters — Houston March 11–13, 2015 — Houston, Texas A must-attend event for graphic designers who seek to perfect and diversify their skills. The conference agenda features three days of training structured on three parallel tracks: Web Design & Development; Design, Print & DPS; and Video, Audio & Motion Graphics. Sessions will be presented by top industry experts and Adobe certified instructors. Use discount code ADOBE15 to save 15% on your registration.
Adobe Creative Camp at SXSW March 13–14, 2015  — Austin, Texas We’re headed to SXSW Interactive to host Creative Camp, two days of lessons, insight, and conversations about creative tools and the creative process with Adobe evangelists, product managers, and design experts.
Creative Cloud Masters — Toronto March 23–25, 2015 — Toronto, Ontario A must-attend event for graphic designers who seek to perfect and diversify their skills. The conference agenda features three days of training structured on three parallel tracks: Web Design & Development; Design, Print & DPS; and Video, Audio & Motion Graphics. Sessions will be presented by top industry experts and Adobe certified instructors. Use discount code ADOBE15 to save 15% on your registration.
San Diego Y Conference March 27–28, 2015  — San Diego, California Adobe is a proud sponsor of the San Diego Y Conference on the campus at the University of San Diego. Come hear the MainStage talk by Adobe Principal Designer Erik Natzke. You can also attend the Adobe workshop “Five Things Print Designers Need to Know About Designing for Web” given by Brian Wood.
AIGA Reno/Tahoe Adobe Workshop April 2, 2015 — Reno, Nevada These days, more and more print designers are branching out into web design to broaden their professional horizons. Join Brian Wood as he covers some of the design challenges you’ll encounter with your transition to the web.
Creative South April 9–11, 2015 — Columbus, Georgia Chances are you want a custom website that’s designed exactly for your needs. But you may not be a coder or know how to get started. Adobe Muse CC is the perfect tool for you, allowing you to build your website without having to write code. The Adobe Muse workshop at Creative South will give you the jump-start you need to create a beautiful website more easily than you ever thought possible.
NAB 2015: What’s Coming Next to the Adobe Pro Video Tools April 16, 2015, 11am (Pacific Time) — Online Join Adobe at NAB with a special webcast right from the show floor in Las Vegas. Jason Levine will unveil industry-leading innovations in performance and collaboration — and show off new workflows that take integration to the next level. Regular updates are standard with Creative Cloud, so you’re always on the cutting edge. Chat live with Jason and the team during the presentation and be among the first to see what’s coming next to your video tools and workflows.
HOW Design Live May 4–8, 2015 — Chicago, Illinois Adobe is a proud sponsor of the 2015 HOW Design Conference. Check out the HOW site to learn about all the activities we have planned for this year’s conference. You’ll be able to check out the latest features in your favorite design tools, play with our cool new mobile apps and more.
Americas
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Commonwealth of Independent States
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices


--URL: http://www.adobeeventsonline.com/HOWDesignLive
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. Contact / Adobe.com
Like Us: Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter: @AdobeCCDesign - #AdobeHOW
Create a free Creative Cloud membership and get access to free 30 day trials
Register Now: HOW Design Live 2015
Copyright © 2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. Contact / Adobe.com
Like Us: Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter: @AdobeCCDesign - #AdobeHOW
Create a free Creative Cloud membership and get access to free 30 day trials
Register Now: HOW Design Live 2015

--URL: http://www.howdesignlive.com
Socialize:
Subscribe:
Whether you’re searching for inspiration or want to enhance your design skills—or, like most of us, both—you’ll find what you need in the HOW Design program. Bridgid Agricola and the HOW team are putting together a program that covers everything from working with clients to choosing type to staying creative on demand. You’ll get detailed skills and processes along with the big-picture creativity that will help you build a successful career. Plus, you’ll get to spend five days with your own people: creatives from around the world. Trust us, the creative energy will be palpable and more invigorating than anything you’ve ever experienced.
Successful brand managers and designers know that effective packaging is rooted in strategy. Make sure your strategy is sound—and learn how to communicate it to clients and corporate colleagues—with The Dieline Packaging Program. The Dieline’s Andrew Gibbs has put together a program packed with best practices and case studies from top brands, all designed to help you develop your strategic skills and taking your branding expertise to the next level.
Effective leaders know when to listen. And the HOW Leadership Program, presented in partnership with Sterling Brands’ Debbie Millman, is packed with speakers that you’ll want to hear. The speaker roster is bursting with effective leaders—the creatives, authors, and business folks who are shaping the future of design—that will help shape your own personal leadership mantra. It doesn’t even matter if you’re trying to manage an entire company, team or just yourself—you’ll discover the tools you need to fulfill your leadership goals.
Join Marketing Mentor founder Ilise Benun and her cadre of small business and freelancing experts for a crash-course in business. Designed for agencies of all sizes that focus on creativity—or that could use a creative approach to solutions—this program will offer expert guidance on creating a business action plan, pricing your work, cultivating a strong client base, and more. Whether you're working solo, running an agency, or are summoning the courage to start your own creative business, you'll find all the resources you need in the Creative Business program.
HOW delivers everything you need to pursue a fulfilling, successful creative career—in one essential event. Tactical information you can immediately put to use, dazzling inspiration from the brightest minds and biggest brands, timely explorations of trends and technology, and a healthy dose of camaraderie and connection with your fellow creatives. Celebrate the 25th year of HOW Design Live and start building your completely customizable program right now.

--URL: http://www.fwcommunity.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
SUMMARY This web site is owned by F+W Media, Inc. (“F+W”). At F+W, our goal is to offer products and services that will allow our customers to lead fuller, richer lives. The same holds for how we communicate with you and how we handle your personal data. It’s important to us that you understand what information we collect, how we protect it, and how we use it — and to provide clear instructions if you choose to request changes in how we communicate with you.
GENERAL CONTACT INFORMATION Our postal address is: F+W Media, Inc. 10151 Carver Road Suite #200 Blue Ash, OH 45242 513.531.2690
To ensure that your communications are properly routed, we ask that you identify the F+W products or services (web site, magazine, book club, etc.) relevant to your inquiry when contacting us. If you would like to receive a response, please be sure to include sufficient information to enable us to contact you (such as an email or postal address).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT Information about your computer hardware and software For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address. The address allows our server to deliver the information you request from us, such as an article or a form for posting to a discussion board. We also collect visitors’ IP addresses in their domain-name form, allowing us to understand for instance how many visitors access our site through various service providers. We collect this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form.
We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. We use the information to improve the content of our web pages and to customize the content and layout of our pages.
We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record session information such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Email address, postal address, telephone number
If at any time you provide us with your email address to place an order or access a service, we collect that information. Areas in which we may collect your email address include but are not limited to discussion boards; chat areas; product or service transactions; emails you send us; and interactive forms. If you provide us with your email address, you may receive periodic promotional emails from us and carefully selected partners with information regarding special offers or new products or services. You may also receive informational emails from us related to any user accounts you have set up with us, as well as administrative notices regarding the operation of the web site. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us and carefully selected partners with information on new products and services.
Visitors who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. We do not rent telephone contact information to third parties.
Finally, we keep any information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, both in aggregate and personally identifiable ways.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We may share the information we collect on the web site with our trusted partners, including but not limited to affiliates, marketing partners, and fulfillment or customer service agents. Our partners may use this information to contact you for marketing purposes.
California Privacy Rights Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, F+W customers who are California residents can request certain information about the sharing of their own personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. California residents can request this disclosure by sending a request to F+W Media, Inc., Attention: Privacy, 10151 Carver Road, Suite # 200, Blue Ash, OH 45242 or by email to privacy@fwmedia.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records, and identify the F+W products or services (website, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used.
OPT OUT PROCEDURES If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of every email we deliver or by emailing us at privacy@fwpubs.com. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information for us to identify you in our records (your email address will suffice) and identify the F+W products or services (web site, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used and from whose mailing lists you wish to be removed. If you wish to be removed from all F+W emailing lists, please indicate so in your request. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
Note that, although you can opt not to receive promotional emails, F+W retains the right to send registered users of its web sites informational email messages about the user’s account or administrative notices regarding the site, as permitted under the CAN-SPAM Act (15 U.S.C. §7701 et seq.).
If you do not wish to receive mail or telephone calls from us, please let us know by sending your request to: F+W Media, Inc., Attention: List Manager, 10151 Carver Road, Suite # 200, Blue Ash, OH 45242 or by email to listdept@fwmedia.com. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records (at a minimum, we will need your postal address to remove you from our mailing list, or your telephone number to remove you from our call list) and identify the F+W products or services (web site, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used and from whose mailing or call lists you wish to be removed. If you wish to be removed from all F+W contact lists, please indicate so in your request. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
If you do not wish for us to share your information with our trusted partners, please let us know by sending your request to: F+W Media, Inc., Attention: List Manager, 10151 Carver Road, Suite # 200, Blue Ash, OH 45242 or by email to listdept@fwmedia.com. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records (at a minimum, we will need your postal address to remove you from a mailing list, or your email to remove you from an email list) and identify the F+W products or services (web site, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
AD SERVERS To bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Burst Media: http://www.burstmedia.com/isl/index.asp?page=privacy Google Inc. http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
ANALYTICS To determine how many users visit our site and to better understand the areas of greatest interest to our visitors, we have relationships with other companies that compile this information for us. As a result of your visit to our site, web analytics companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google Inc. http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html Omniture, Inc. http://www.omniture.com/privacy/product
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or Services.
REMARKETING F+W Media, Inc. (“F+W”) also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines and Policies
OPT-OUT
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
DOUBLECLICK’S REMARKETING PIXELS You may opt out of DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels, by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page  or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
INFORMATION ACCESS Upon request we provide site visitors with access to their own transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
You can access this information by sending your request to: F+W Media, Inc., Attention: Privacy, 10151 Carver Road, Suite # 200, Blue Ash, OH 45242 or by email to privacy@fwmedia.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records, and identify the F+W products or services (website, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in all information we maintain about them. You can have this information corrected by sending your request to: F+W Media, Inc., Attention: Privacy, 10151 Carver Road, Suite # 200, Blue Ash, OH 45242 or by email to privacy@fwmedia.com. To help us process your request, please provide include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records, and identify the F+W products or services (website, magazine, book club, etc.) you have used.
SECURITY We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site, and we employ security features generally accepted in the industry to protect the security of transactions made on our site. Transactions are protected via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. We require customers to identify themselves via a unique username and password to access their personal information.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site. We will also provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you believe that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address, the DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, or state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
The effective date of this Policy is March 12, 2008.


--URL: http://www.fwcommunity.com/contactus
Thank you for your interest in F+W. We invite your questions and comments.
Customer Service: By Phone: Our customer service team is available Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mountain Time at 1-800-258-0929. Or please email us
Trade and Specialty Sales: Carry the bestselling titles, dvds, and more from F+W, Krause, Interweave, and Adams Media in your store or online site. Browse our catalogs and get order information now, visit F+W Content Hub
Members of the Media: To request a review copy, arrange an interview with an author or editor or obtain more information, email publicity@fwmedia.com
Rights & Permissions: Contact us for the purchase of foreign rights.
All Other Inquiries: Send your email to contact_us@fwmedia.com
F+W Affiliate Program: Turn your passion into profit — join the F+W Affiliate Program now, and earn a better than industry average bounty on all purchases referred through your Web site, blog, or social networking page. To learn about the program, click here or email us at Affiliate_Program@fwmedia.com.
F+W Corporate 1140 Broadway, 14th Floor New York, NY 10001 212.447.1400
F+W 10901 West 120th Ave #350 Broomfield, CO 80021 303.442.0427
F+W 4868 Innovation Drive Fort Collins, CO 80525
Creative Crafts Group 741 Corporate Circle Golden, CO  80401
Love of Quilting 54 Court Street Winterset, IA  50273
Adams Media 57 Littlefield Street Avon, MA 02322 508.427.7100
Sky & Telescope 90 Sherman Street Cambridge, MA  02140
F+W 490 Boston Post Road STE 15A Sudbury, MA  01776 978.203.5444
World Tea Media 5125 W. Oquendo Road, Suite 16 Las Vegas, NV  89118
Keepsake Quilting 130 Whittier Highway Moultonborough, NH 03254
Keepsake Quilting Warehouse Operations 61 Reservoir Road Building E Meredith, NH 03253
F+W 10151 Carver Road #200 Cincinnati, OH 45242 513.531.2690
F+W Video Studio and Popular Woodworking Shop 8469 Blue Ash Road Cincinnati, OH 45236
Original Sewing & Quilt Expo 909 Canterbury Road, Suite F Westlake, OH 44145
Creating Keepsakes 14512 S 980 W, Suite 600 Bluffdale, UT 84065
Krause Publications 700 E. State Street Iola, Wisconsin 54990 715.445.2214
F+W International Brunel House Forde Close Newton Abbot Devon TQ12 4PU 01626 323200
The Writers Store 3510 Magnolia Blvd Burbank, CA 91505 800.272.8927 or 310.441.5151 Monday – Saturday 10am – 6pm PST
Keepsake Quilting Retail Shop 12 Main Street Center Harbor, NH 03226 603.253.4026 Summer Hours – 9 am – 6 pm, Monday – Saturday, 9 am – 5pm Sunday
Advertise: Please consult the list and links below to access our current media kits.
Antique Trader Weekly Bank Note Reporter Blade Coin Prices Coins Magazine Comics Buyers Guide Deer & Deer Hunting Family Tree Frame Building News Goldmine Gun Digest Horticulture HOW Metal Roofing Military Trader Military Vehicles Numismatic News Old Cars Weekly Pastel Journal Popular Woodworking Print Rural Builder Southwest Art Sports Collectors Digest The Artist’s Magazine Trapper & Predator Caller Turkey & Turkey Hunting Watercolor Artist World Coin News Writer’s Digest

--URL: http://writersdigest.com/Advertise/
Reach the largest audience of professional and aspiring writers via the #1 source for writing resources, inspiration and community: Writer’s Digest
SERVING WRITERS SINCE 1920 Since 1920, Writer’s Digest has chronicled the culture of the modern writer and we continue this great tradition today, helping writers develop their craft and hone their publishing acumen through insightful first-person essays, interviews with bestselling authors and profiles of emerging talent. Writer’s Digest also features invaluable information about the business side of writing and publishing; a directory of educational and practical resources and services; practical articles focusing on technique; tips and exercises on fiction, nonfiction, poetry and scriptwriting; and much more.
WritersDigest.com is the essential online community and resource portal for writers in every stage and genre. It is a daily resource that offers frequently updated articles and blogs; educational webcasts, audio podcasts and virtual workshops; informational e-newsletters; and the Writer’s Forum, a lively virtual gathering place where writers share experiences, offer critiques, and make connections.
Writer’s Digest The Brand Writers Know and Trust.
Download the 2015 Writer’s Digest Media Kit 
OUR READERS Our 77,000 magazine subscribers and 700,000+ average unique visitors/month represent the largest community of published and aspiring fiction, poetry, screenplay and non-fiction writers anywhere and Writer’s Digest is the only writing publication the majority of them read.
WHO ARE THEY?
Readership Demographics 29.8% Male 70.2% Female
Average age:  50.7 years old 70.4% are college graduates 32.2% hold advanced degrees
Average HHI:  $76,713
69.2% identified as intermediate to advanced writers Average number of years they have been writing: 17.9
67.5 % read no other writing magazine (including The Writer & Poets & Writers)
(Source: 2012 Writer’s Digest Survey)
Download the 2015 Writer’s Digest Media Kit
Writer’s Digest offers an innovative range of strategic, integrated marketing solutions to our advertising partners, including custom publishing and events, and innovative branding and lead-generation opportunities.
Contact us for more information or download our current media kit, editorial calendar, rate cards, etc.:
ADVERTISING CONTACTS
Jill Ruesch Advertising Sales Representative P: (800) 726-9966 x 13223 E: Jill.Ruesch@fwmedia.com
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/competitions/selfpublished
DEADLINE: MAY 1, 2015
Whether you’re a professional writer, a part-time freelancer or a self-starting student, here’s your chance to enter the premier self-published competition exclusively for self-published books. Writer’s Digest hosts the 23rd annual self-published competition–the Annual Self-Published Book Awards. This self-published competition, co-sponsored by Book Marketing Works, LLC spotlights today’s self-published works and honors self-published authors.





One First Prize winner in each category will receive:
All Grand Prize and First Prize winners will receive:
Honorable Mention Winners will receive $50 worth of Writer’s Digest Books and promotion on www.writersdigest.com.
All entrants will receive a brief commentary from one of the judges. They will also receive free access to a special 60-minute live webinar (a $79 value) presented by Tim Grahl, author of Your First 1000 Copies: The Step-by-Step Guide to Marketing Your Book. Tim is the president of Out:think, a firm that helps authors and writers create their platforms, connect with readers and sell more books. He works with top bestselling authors such as Daniel Pink, Chip and Dan Heath, Hugh Howey, Dan Ariely and even Pamela Slim. This spring he had five clients on The New York Times bestseller list simultaneously. This webinar is scheduled to take place in the summer of 2015.
Categories
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions

Writer’s Digest hosts the 23rd Annual Self-Published Book Awards. This self-published competition spotlights today’s self-published works and honors self-published authors. Whether you’re a professional writer, a part-time freelancer or a self-starting student, here’s your chance to enter WD’s competition exclusively for self-published books –












Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions/poetry-awards
Open for entries: June 2015
Deadline: October 1, 2015
Calling all poets! We’re on the look out for poems of all styles–rhyming, free verse, haiku, and more–for the 9th Annual Writer’s Digest Poetry Awards! This is the only Writer’s Digest competition exclusively for poets. Enter any poem 32 lines or less for your chance to win $1,000 in cash.




One First Place Winner will receive:

The Third Place Winner will receive:
Fourth through Tenth Place Winners will receive:
Eleventh through Twenty-Fifth Place Winners will receive:
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






How come the “Enter this compeptiton” button doesnt work?
Hi Joel. I apologize for the confusion. This competition will begin accepting entries in June.
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.


--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions/short-short-story-competition
Open for Entries: June 2015
November 16, 2015
We’re looking for short stories! Think you can write a winning story in 1,500 words or less? Enter the 16th Annual Writer’s Digest Short Short Story Competition for your chance to win $3,000 in cash, get published in Writer’s Digest magazine, and a paid trip to our ever-popular Writer’s Digest Conference! The winning entries will be on display in the 16th Annual Writer’s Digest Competition Collection.




One First Place Winner will receive:

The Third Place Winner will receive:
Fourth through Tenth Place Winners will receive:
Eleventh through Twenty-Fifth Place Winners will receive:
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions/popular-fiction-awards
Open for Entries: May 2015
Deadline: September 15. 2015
If you write short stories, don’t miss your chance to compete in the Writer’s Digest Popular Fiction Awards. There’s sure to be a category created just for you, Romance, Thriller, Crime, Horror, Science-Fiction, and Young Adult. Choose your favorite genre(s) and enter your best in 4,000 words or less.





One First Prize winner in each category will receive:
Honorable Mentions will:
Categories
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions/self-published-ebook-awards
Open for Entries: May 2015
Deadline: August 3, 2015
Writer’s Digest hosts its 3rd Annual Self-Published e-Book Awards–a competition that spotlights today’s self-published works and honors self-published authors. Whether you’re a professional writer, a part-time freelancer or a self-starting student, here’s your chance to enter WD’s newest competition, exclusively for self-published e-books.





One First Prize winner in each category will receive:
Honorable Mention Winners will receive $50 worth of Writer’s Digest Books and promotion on www.writersdigest.com.
All entrants will receive a brief commentary from one of the judges.
Categories
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: http://www.writersdigest.com/writers-digest-competitions/annual-writing-competition
MAY 4, 2015
Writer’s Digest has been shining a spotlight on up and coming writers in all genres through its Annual Writing Competition for more than 80 years. Enter our 84th Annual Writing Competition for your chance to win and have your work be seen by editors and agents! The winning entries of this writing contest will also be on display in the 84th Annual Writer’s Digest Competition Collection.





First place will receive $1,000 in cash and $100 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
Second place will receive $500 cash and $100 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
Third place will receive $250 in cash and $100 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
Fourth place will receive $100 in cash and $50 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
Fifth place will receive a $50 VISA gift card and $50 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
Sixth through Tenth place winners will receive a $25 VISA gift card and $25 off a purchase from the Writer’s Digest Shop
All top winners will also receive:
All Honorable Mentions receive:
Categories
How to Enter

To receive occasional updates on deadlines, when winners are announced and other design competitions information, sign up for the Design Competition Email.






You must be logged in to post a comment.
Save 58%!
Our Middle Grade Fiction Basic Collection contains five resources designed to answer these questions, helping ...

MAGAZINES: Subscribe | Renew | Current Issue | Give a Gift Subscription | Writer's Digest Back Issues BOOKS/DOWNLOADS: Writer’s Digest Shop | Writer's Market Books | The Writer's Store WRITING COMPETITIONS & CONFERENCES: Writer’s Digest Annual | Self-Published | Short Story | Popular Fiction Awards | Writer's Digest Conference ONLINE RESOURCES: Workshops | Tutorials | Webinars | WritersMarket.com | Critique Services CORPORATE: F+W, A Content + eCommerce Company | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.

--URL: https://app.wizehive.com/apps/WDAnnual2015
Welcome to the Writer’s Digest Annual Writing Competition submission system. Before you submit your entries, please follow the directions below. (Please note, WD Forum log-in info does not apply to the competition sign-up/log-in.)
I HAVEN'T YET CREATED A LOG IN FOR THIS YEAR'S COMPETITION:
Sign up for an account and create a login for yourself (on the right side of this page). After creating a log in, you will be taken directly to the entry page. Your account gives you the opportunity to save an entry draft and come back to it at anytime to complete your submission before the deadline. BY creating an account, you can also stay informed throughout a competition. We will email you status updates and other important information about the competition.
I HAVE ALREADY CREATED A LOG IN THE SUBMISSION SYSTEM FOR THIS YEAR'S COMPETITION
Every time you come back to this page you can simply login to your existing account (on the right side of this page). You will be taken to the main menu that allows you to view your drafts, your completed entries or submit additional entries.
Please enter a valid email address and password. There are no length or character requirements for your password. Each competition requires that an account be created. If you wish, you may use the same email address and password for ANY/ALL competition account(s) that you create.
 
In general, WizeHive supports the current and prior major release of Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari on a rolling basis.

--URL: http://www.wizehive.com
For grants, scholarships, awards, and more
For photo, video, and other contests
For projects, database management, and more
For grants, scholarships, awards, and more
For photo, video, and other contests
For projects, database management, and more
Used by leading foundations, universities and organizations to automate applications for grants, scholarships and awards.
Grants | Scholarships | Awards Fellowships | Internships | Other
A cloud-based platform that empowers a non-technical person to quickly and easily build their own apps - without the need to code.
Database Management | CRM/Sales | Projects Recruiting | Bug Tracking | Events

Run competitions & contests on your web site or Facebook page with private and public submissions, judging and voting.
Photo Contests | Video Contests Competitions | Facebook Contests | Other


--URL: http://www.vimeo.com/wizehive
WizeHive is a powerful online collaboration tool that lets you share notes, tasks, ideas and other important information with friends and colleagues in secure, private workspaces.
1 year ago
1 year ago
1 year ago
You may already own a sophisticated piece of filmmaking equipment: a car. Learn to use it for some amazing shots.
Keep up with Staff Picks, weird GIFs, and other video goings-on over at our Tumblr.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/love
I'm worried about you all! Vimeo works spectacularly well for me. Too well. Your annual fee can't possibly cover the costs involved in servicing my account. You could not even buy enough cheap disks to store my stuff for that amount. Yet I really need you to stay in business! This may be the only time in my life I have asked a vendor to CHARGE MORE, but I am truly worried about your business case, and the consequences for me if it is not sound. There, I've said it. Thanks for reading, and for your service excellence!
I just wanted to thank the vimeo staff and point out something interesting to staff and community… vimeo has increasingly become the video site of choice for technical directors in the field of film and television. The community of TDs in feature film, games and television is smaller than you'd think, and many of the best and brightest are here on vimeo either posting their work or checking out what the others are doing. Good job vimeo, and thanks community for being a vibrant and active place with videos of constantly superior quality!
I really appreciated your timely response and that you actually took the time to read my email, which isn't typical of web tech support services these days. Usually tech support reads half an email and gives a generic solution which doesn't solve the problem at all. If this is the kind of service Vimeo provides than you can count on me being a very happy user.
About Vimeo
Find out what makes us tick.
Work at Vimeo
We're pretty sure you'll love it here.
Community Guidelines
Our practical and ethical guide for using Vimeo.
Vimeo on Facebook
Go ahead, stalk us.
Vimeo on Twitter
An ephemeral stream of our consciousness.
Vimeo on Instagram
We take nice photos sometimes.
Vimeo on Tumblr
Watch Staff Picks and gaze at GIFs.
Add multiple email addresses to your Vimeo account (to maintain those multiple personalities).
The correct pronunciation of Vimeo is "Vim-ee-oh." Think of it like "video" with a "me" in the middle.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/s/tbj
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Still stumped? Email us or visit the Forums.
Developers can dive into our API documentation for all Vimeo 1s and 0s.
Goodbye Ken Burns, hello photoscapes! Learn new tricks for livening up your still images in this VVS lesson
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/505/spice-up-your-stills-with-photoscapes
You're probably familiar with the Ken Burns effect — a slow pan or zoom added to a still photo to direct the viewer's eye and make the content less static and more interesting. It's become somewhat of a standard for presenting stills in video, especially since it was added as a tool in iMovie many years ago. It's a nice technique, and can be appropriate in certain contexts, but it's not the only way to spice up your stills. In this Video School lesson, we encourage you to use new and interesting ways to present still photos and archival material in your films!
For their new feature documentary "Stand With Me," our friends over at Stillmotion developed a creative way to present the photographs and archival images in their film. They call it a photoscape, and we really like the fresh new spin they put on old photographs. They created this tutorial for their Storytelling with Heart workshop, which is sponsored by Kessler (and is happening across the country right now!) Take a peek:


You will need: 1. Printed photos and an appropriate background 2. A slider, preferably one with a motor. Patrick is using the Stealth Slider and the series 100 motor 3. A camera (duh!) and a zoom lens 4. Ambient audio recording
The breakdown:
1. Print your photos. If the photos you have available are low resolution, remember you can always print them small. Also, try applying a filter from Instagram or VSCO to cover up low quality photos or to give mismatching photographs the same look.
2. Choose an appropriate background. For the images of a child's lemonade stand, they used a chalkboard. Think ethic textiles, interesting paper, a wood table, grass — think outside the box!
3. Choose an appropriate speed and a direction. Patrick recommends setting the slider at the same speed for each photoscape, and also shooting the same direction each time (for example, left to right or bottom to top) so that you can cut between different photos seamlessly in post.
4. Shoot! Use a zoom lens so you can easily switch between a wide, medium, and tight shot of each photo.
5. Add a soundscape. Record ambient sound at an appropriate location and add it to the sound mix to enhance the feeling of the atmosphere depicted in the photo. For the lemonade stand photo, they used sounds of children playing in a park. Think crickets chirping, the sound of a runner's feet on the pavement, or a distant piano sonata — whatever you imagine you'd be hearing if you were inside that photograph.

Other tips: • Make sure your photoscape is well lit! Use indirect light and diffusion to avoid glare on your photos and background.
• If you're recording your own soundscape, use a good microphone and brush up on these tips for capturing good sound. You may also want to create your own foley!
There are many other ways to display photographs and archival material in your film. Let's take a look at a few other examples of ways that filmmakers have creatively presented their material:
Show context First, in a simple yet effective approach, the creative people over at Nomadique shot their subject's photo album from overhead for their short "American Value: Herb Dishman: China, TX". The way the photos are placed in the book tell as much about the subject as the photos themselves. Keeping them in this context was a strong choice.

Blend in If photographs are an integral piece of your story, you may want to consider displaying them more candidly and organically. In Ben Kitnick's "The Photo Man" and Julien Lasseur's "The Thingmaker," photographs are displayed within the context of their natural surroundings, and in the hands of the film's subjects.

The parallax effect Another option is to add this super neat animation technique called parallax to your photographs. You can read all about this effect and how to achieve it in this post over at The Creators Project (don't forget this follow up post as well!)


Also, watch this effect applied to old paintings in Rino Stefano Tagliafierro's B E A U T Y.
To his credit, Ken Burns has started using the parallax effect in his films. It's the way of the future, you guys! See you next time, when we explore holograms! (Just kidding?)
Alexandra Smart 1 year ago
Thanks.
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
You're welcome!
LRH (LDC) Plus 1 year ago
Thanks so much. Would be great to see some more on how to do simple parallax.
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
Hey there! Visit thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/joe-fellows-teaches-us-how-to-master-25D-photography for a parallax tutorial!
LRH (LDC) Plus 5 months ago
Found this, a basic but well done tutorial on the parallax effect... "2d to 3d Photo Effect Tutorial (using Photoshop and Vegas Pro) youtube.com/watch?v=3ZYkFkK3Htw
Jordan Stricker 1 year ago
How serendipitous! Taking this approach with a project right now. Such and elegant way to incorporate stills into a video. Makes a world of difference.
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
Nice! Best of luck with your project, Jordan!
Shiply PRO 1 year ago
Great tips, especially for beginners. Thanks for sharing Riley.
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
Sure thing!
Dewi de Vries 1 year ago
Is it possible to make a photoscape without the slider? Because i think this amazing but as a student i don't have enough money to buy a slider. What would you recommend as an alternative?
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
Hi Dewi! I know, sliders are expensive! I would recommend one of the following:
1. Make your own slider! Take a look at these videos in our Community Based Tutorial Group for DIY slider ideas: vimeo.com/groups/videoschool/search:slider/sort:date 2. You may be able to achieve similar results with a tabletop dolly, which might be cheaper! 3. Get a fluid head tripod and try a slow pan across the photo. This might not work as well if you wanted to cut between several different photos, but if you display each photoscape on its own, the pan will add some nice movement.
Nic Justice PRO 11 months ago
Also one of the examples did not have any motion in it is It was shot of the photos in the book. vimeo.com/63059519
Brian Coles 1 year ago
I had to do something similar at work with no slider. Created an extra long canvas in Corel Painter, dropped in a background texture, then positioned the stills (with a border and sometimes photo corners) in a pleasing way. In Final Cut Pro, sucked in the final image and panned slowly. Boss liked it!
Old Anchor Plus 11 months ago
Anywhere we can find a breakdown of the edit?
Lou Rummel 8 months ago
You can also do it with PhotoShop CS-6 Re-Animate a Photo: Ep 119 Take & Make Great Photography with Gavin Hoey
youtube.com/watch?v=g25b9h-1aro&list=PLxh-MF2dQoh9zlhsBC4dCF5xw_MfM8cAc&index=115
SAREESMARKET.COM 4 months ago
SareesMarket | Sarees Traders | Sarees Textiles Market ... Sarees Shopping Market| Buy Sarees Online | Surat Textile Market|Surat Sarees Market,India Sarees Market is textile hub for sarees.Sarees Market has latest catalog facny sarees,indian sarees,designer sarees,prnted sarees,surat,india. SareesMarket.com – It is unique place for all Textile Traders related to Sarees, Dresses, import and export business. sareesmarket.com
SareesMarket.com is giving opportunity to all Textile Traders to expose their creativity, work and design to the global world. You can attract the global customers by showing your Designer sarees, Party wear sarees, bridal sarees, wedding sarees, latest collection, salwar kameez, dress materials, suits and many more. Any user who wants to join us, just registered and listed on SareesMarket.com.
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
In this Video School lesson, we encourage you to use fresh and interesting ways to present still photos and archival material in your films.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Get people pumped about your work, even before it’s released. Let’s talk teasers & trailers.
If you come here often, you should tell us (and the whole world, really) about yourself in the bio section of your profile.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/settings/profile
Vimeo plays nice with a whole bunch of TVs and streaming devices. Watch Vimeo everywhere.
It can be difficult to find focus in life, and also when shooting videos. We can help you with one of those challenges.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/149/quick-focusing-tips
When I was a kid, our family only had one camera. It was a 35mm point-and-shoot with autofocus. Today we have all sorts of cameras, from mobile phones to camcorders to DSLRs to point and shoots... the list goes on! But there's one thing all these devices have in common: Focus.
Focusing is adjusting the lens of your camera until you can see your subject in maximum detail. Professionals like to use the term "tack sharp" to describe when the subject of an image is in perfect focus. An unintentionally out-of-focus shot can be distracting to the viewer, and can remove your audience from your video or film. However, intentionally leaving areas out-of-focus can also be used as a storytelling device, bringing the audience's attention to something specific, or obscuring the villain standing behind your main character.
When focusing, the lens element inside your camera moves closer or further from the image sensor depending on which direction you rotate the focus ring. Once the light is properly converging on the image sensor, you will have a focused image.
Shifting focus from a nearby object to a faraway object within the same shot is called "racking focus" and is commonly used to bring the audience's attention from one subject to another. Professionals and amateurs alike do this by using something called a follow focus, and you can build one yourself to make racking focus much easier! Here's a quick example of how racking the focus can add a little bit of drama and tell a story, all within one shot:


Manual focus is the setting we need to assure all our shots are tack sharp on the subjects we want. Check out the following video showing you how to manually focus on a couple of common camera types:




That's all for now my fellow Vimeans, now go focus on making videos!
michael finney 2 years ago
Yeh...Tell me about the teleprathy trick. Can boys do it too?
Daniel Hayek Staff 2 years ago
nope.
John Peter Thiel 1 year ago
Yes we can. Michael, you're thinking about sex and/or beer right now, am I right?
Fakhry Asad Marqa 1 year ago
thank we tought too much
amirofski 1 year ago
thanks
drew cunningham 1 year ago
since I don't have a follow focus, when shooting two people with a shallow depth of feild on my canon 70d I must admit I find auto focus handy. I simply tap on on the LCD screen when i want to rack focus from one subject to the other. I find the results are much sharper and quicker then when I try to use manual focus without a follow focus device....I must admit I do at times feel like I am cheating in a way although the final product is far superior so I guess I use that to justify not using manual focus.
John Peter Thiel 1 year ago
I agree for a lot of shots but not all, and that's only really true for those of us who own a T4i, T5i, or 70D--Canon of course.
Other cameras don't have that smooth, quick, virtually silent autofocus we get with the STM (STep Motor) technology, so they have to use manual all the time to get good results.
It's also a matter of shooting a planned, scripted scene on a set versus catching a scene that is happening in the moment.
But even the awesome autofocus we have isn't good for all situations. Say for example you are shooting a video of a turkey deep frying in a pot on Thanksgiving, or something that is on fire. Auto focus, even with the tap function, is going to focus on the steam or smoke rather than on the object and the result will just be a blurry shot.
Focus can also add dimension to a scene, like when you want one person or object to be in focus while the rest is 'bokeh' or blurry so that the attention is on the subject, but they're still in context.
Shimon Haber 8 months ago
Nice tutorial. Thanks for explaining
Vikki 8 months ago
Found manual focus on my camera just yesterday but never knew about focus assist! Thank you, learned something new from this. ((fivethirteenblog.blogspot.com))
Manuel de Sousa 6 months ago
aproveche visite nuestra web radio.radiomisionporlavida.com
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
A quick how-to for focusing on various cameras.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Get out of sticky situations by using gaff tape to, um, get into sticky situations.
If you’re a freak for facts and figures, get the full picture of video performance with Advanced Stats.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/stats
More insight and analytics, exclusively for Vimeo Plus and Vimeo PRO members.
Seeing detailed information on your videos' activity helps you identify your strengths and track your progress as you focus on what's important to you. Advanced Statistics help you give your audience more of what they want.
Sometimes trends aren’t clear until you look at the bigger picture. That’s why Advanced Statistics offers you a wide selection of time ranges, so that you can easily see where you’ve been and visualize where you want to be.
Advanced Statistics comes with a slick geo-tracking interface that helps you to discover the areas in the world where you’re hottest. Take a trip to a foreign country to visit all your fans!
Vimeo has always been about people connecting through video. Advanced Statistics helps you to find the people who are most interested in your work. This opens the door to friendships or even awesome collaborations with other creatives.
To see it in action, check out the demo!
4Start Demo
Take a tour of Stats for Plus & PRO
Compare plans | Refund policy
All prices are in USD. Subscriptions will renew automatically for the same period of time until you cancel.
Getting people to see your film may not be as hard as it seems.
Pulling back the curtain on your filmmaking process is a great way to engage viewers. Learn how to shoot a behind-the-scenes video.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/182/how-to-make-a-behind-the-scenes-bts-video
A BTS is not a bacon, tomato and sauerkraut sandwich. Well, maybe it is to some people, but for our purposes, those three letters stand for "behind the scenes." A BTS video shows just that— all the stuff that happened behind the camera during the production of a film or video. As the creator of a BTS, it's your job to give audiences a deeper understanding and appreciation for a project.
In general, a BTS will include footage captured on set or location at the video or film shoot, interviews, and interesting supplemental materials like storyboards. Now let's break things down into specifics as we explore in more detail the typical components of BTS videos:
Motive It's always interesting to hear the story behind the story — the inspiration and motivation that led to the ultimate creation. Often exploring this side of the story can lead to the interesting anecdotes and surprising details that audiences love to hear. Covering the who, what, where, when and how is important, but the "why" is often the most interesting part of the story. A good BTS will cover the motivation behind the project, explain what came before and preview what may happen in the future. This is most often and most easily done by interviewing the project's creators.
In this BTS video, the directors of "Gulp," the world's largest stop motion animation shot on a mobile phone, explain that after shooting the world's smallest stop motion film, they wanted to shoot the world's largest.


This BTS video on professional animator Ryan Woodward's personal project "Thought of You" does an exquisite job of telling the very human side to a project. It explores Woodward's professional career, but also his family life and personal approach to art, all of which deeply influenced the final product. The video also explores his relationship to others involved in the project, including choreographer Kori Wakamatsu, and explores each person's unique approach to the creative process.


This BTS video for the always awesome video "Plot Device" does a great job of explaining the equipment that was used, without getting too technical or weighing things down with too many specifics.

This BTS video for the Canon Freeze Tag commercial very effectively makes use of multiple camera angles and footage takes in order to explain how they created their cool freeze frame effect. Without any actual words of explanation, they were able to demonstrate visually how everything was achieved.


Stylistic choices All this tech talk doesn't mean much if you don't explore the motivation behind it. Even more valuable than knowing which dolly was used for a certain shot is knowing why it was used. Every technical choice has a stylistic motivation behind it. Everything from lighting, to shooting handheld versus a tripod, to choosing a certain frame rate, to post production coloring and effects — all of these aspects go toward creating a mood, evoking a feeling and telling a story.
The BTS video for Plot Device mentioned earlier does a great job of explaining the all-important technical components, such as color choices and camera movements, that went into creating the style and feeling of each different segment of the film.
Stylistic choices are a huge part of sound design as well. This Soundworks video on the film "Drive" delves into the choices the sound designers of the film made to create feelings of suspense or urgency through sound.
Limitations Every good story has some conflict and drama, and most film and video productions encounter plenty of that to go around. A BTS video tells a story, with a begging, middle, and end. Somewhere in the middle there's bound to be a conflict, and that's great! People find it interesting to learn about the trials and tribulations that were underwent to get the end product. It may help them relate to the story you're telling, appreciate the final product more, or learn from the mistakes of others. In any case, it's always valuable and usually entertaining!
In "Plot Device" it was the rainy weather, for "Gulp" it was the sea tides and long hours. Watching what the creators went through to make things work helps the audience appreciate the final product.
Special features What makes a BTS video special is that it reveals information and shows things that wouldn't otherwise be public. Normally all the audience gets to see is the final product. Showing them what went on behind the scenes can be really valuable and special, so be sure to include some extra special treats! Think of the things that are included in the "special features" section of a DVD. Storyboards, fun facts, timelapse videos, and footage of cast and crew just being silly are all elements that audiences cherish.
This incredibly in-depth and totally awesome BTS Filmumentary from Jamie Benning on "Raiders of the Lost Ark" is seriously jam-packed with special features. If you're an Indy fan like we are here at Vimeo HQ, you'll love the behind the scenes video, audio commentary from cast and crew, deleted scenes, subtitled fact track and excerpts from the 1978 original story conference:




EV.TCBB-TV 1 year ago
Oui, des vidéastes de langue française, compétents et qui veulent partager leurs savoir-faire ça existe forcément. Viméo souhaite-il ouvrir une rubrique pour eux: ? C'est la solution la plus efficace.
tonick 10 months ago
nicely done..
Shimon Haber 8 months ago
Guess I'll have to try this
Lai-Han Ho Plus 8 months ago
These are good.But I like to upload my vedea about theath care let some people can read them. I like to learn how to compress.how can I get good pictures? how can they see my vedeo?
naz.mn 5 months ago
7 years ago
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Learn all of the components of a typical BTS video so you can better document the making of a project, and give audiences a better understanding and appreciation of the final video.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Manage the settings of all your videos at once using Global Video Settings. It’s multi-tasking at its best.
Developers can dive into our API documentation for all Vimeo 1s and 0s.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/settings/videos
Hey developers. We can meet your desires with Simple and Advanced APIs for all your app-building needs.
Make your videos extra accessible by adding captions + subtitles.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/s/ucv
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Was this helpful? Yes / No
Thanks for your feedback!
What would make this answer more helpful?
Still stumped? Email us or visit the Forums.
Master the seven seas of underwater video by diving into Vimeo Video School.
If you can visualize it, they will come. Learn more pro tips and personal mantras in "Directing 101."
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/407/directing-101
It's sometimes strange to think that such major motion classics as Titanic, or Parent Trap (duh, the one with two Lindsay Lohans), or Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan were actually directed by real, human people. The job seems far too hard, right? How could one person manage to direct such true works of cinematic genius?
Well, if you asked our friend Experienced Directorson, he'd wink his crossed, lazy eye right at you, sit you down, and teach you a very important lesson about directing — check it out right here:


BE PREPARED
It's important to go into your production knowing fully what you're talking about. Really invest yourself in the script and know it from front to back. By knowing your screenplay and storyboards really well, you know all of your shots, which leads to better time management and more successful planning of the actual shoot. It totally pays off to put your whole brain into the process and prepare yourself for every twist and turn!
Don't forget to storyboard your film before going into production. A shot list is also a great idea!
HAVE A VISION
You've got to not only know, but really believe, in your vision for the film. It helps to have an idea of the aesthetic that you're going for. Understanding and embracing your vision helps both you and everyone else involved in the production. If you need inspiration watch movies, a lot of movies. Trust us, the whole process is much easier and way more fun if everyone knows what you want and how to accomplish it!
Matt puts his acting skills to the test, but it all falls in line with Dan's ultimate vision for his masterpiece, 'Armageddon: Again & Again.'

It's difficult to determine the line between being too friendly and being too stern or a total jerk on set, but it's important to find a balance with your crew. You'll want to be firm in your vision and your direction, but you also want to be respectful and open to collaboration with others.
KNOW YOUR TERMINOLOGY
To be able to really command a set (in a total cool-but-nice-guy way), the proper terminology is a must! You should know all the basics to direct your actors (Action! Cut!) as well as your shot composition terms to communicate with the cinematographer (two shot, close-up, wide shot, etc).

GET OUT THERE AND BE A PRO!
Ok, did you get all that? Yes? Great. Because now you're a directing pro! Don't forget what it's like to be on the other side of the camera as an actor-- Experienced Actorson can refresh your memory!

To be, or not to be? We may never know for sure, but it isn't as hard as you'd…
Being a director is no simple task, but with a bit of expert advice you'll…

Adam Wayne Gistarb 1 year ago
I would love to work with all of you.
Katie Armstrong Staff 1 year ago
We'd love to work with you, too! Check out our jobs page to see what we're lookin' for right now: vimeo.com/jobs
Shiply PRO 10 months ago
Great jobs for great people :)
Tom Jeffery 1 year ago
This is really helpful! Thanks Guys :)
Brent Hankins 1 year ago
Thank you!
CuatroManos Plus 1 year ago
;-)
Han Tong-Yup (한동엽/Tim Han) Plus 1 year ago
I loved this. Very informative and to the point without going in depth with HOW to be a director but rather letting us know what to expect.
Holly Winter 1 year ago
I want to see the movie he was directing now! :)
Matt Schwarz Staff 1 year ago
It's a straight to betamax masterpiece.
Angeline Gragasin Plus 1 year ago
This is so great. Who was the inspiration for Directorson? Orson Welles?
Matt Schwarz Staff 1 year ago
Josh is a big Dom Deluise fan
Daniel Hayek Staff 1 year ago
Deluise in "Blazing Saddles" more specifically.
Cubrick2001 - Angelino T. 1 year ago
Great advices. Directing has such a vast diversity of work and aspects....
Mr.Evil-studio 1 year ago
really i love it this video thank you guys u a amazing
Jubair Khan 1 year ago
I want to meet Experienced Gafferson :D
Colin Pattison PRO 1 year ago
That was brilliantly done :-)
Gilda Diaz_www.yafilms.net 1 year ago
Warm and cheesy, just how I love it. thanks for the video.
John Saba 1 year ago
Vimeo Generic Video Show Title Open & Close
Mustafa 1 year ago
Seriously you guys are a bunch of super awesome people, amazing stuff guys.
Wish you guys can ever visit Pakistan :)
Hussain AlMarkhi 1 year ago
T hats really awesome I like how they explain every thing Awesome thanks
Joel Medrano Sánchez 1 year ago
Es un vídeo genial... Ya creo tener mas conocimiento para seguir dirigiendo mas de mis videoclips... #It'sFantastic
Detroit Red 1 year ago
Right on! Your crew will mirror your emotional state. Enjoy the journey.
Aaron Christopher E. Smith 1 year ago
That was spot on, especially about the energy that you put into your script. The director is probably the most influential person on set and everyone will feed off of his or her energy. Be respectful to the craft and crew and actors. That was a bulls-eye! well done!
CSM Films Plus 1 year ago
How about addressing what to do when others fail you on set? Prop guy lies to you and doesn't have the props he promised day of, actors flake/develop attitude problems etc.
Zoe Port 1 year ago
Thanks! It's awesome!
Eugene312 1 year ago
)
MrEd 1 year ago
Those are great pointers. Thanks.
Doby 1 year ago
Wasted 2 years in Film School when this would have sufficed. Good job. Vimeo lookin' good these days.
Gorio Vicuna Plus 1 year ago
lol!
Michael Stern 1 year ago
You forgot the part where you must take an acting class to learn how to talk to your actors and get performances.
daniel jackson 1 year ago
These videos are really helpful guys, can't believe i waited so long to join Vimeo
biz-casj. Plus 1 year ago
I absolutely love this actor playing Experienced Directorson. Is he a professional actor? Really fun video.
pro.ses 1 year ago
like
Juan Giovanni 1 year ago
this is great. However if the producer/director runs out of money and the cast need to get pay, you got trouble. And no amount of enthusiasm and encouragements are going to help
Jack Mouslim 1 year ago
Digging the Directorson/Actorson skills. Put on some more with him!!!!
Cream Soda Films Plus 1 year ago
That Directorson character is hilarious. Well done.
Mallorca Today TV PRO 1 year ago
My new client just asked me where i learnt to direct? i told him the school of Vimeo uni and forwarded the link!!! Strange, No reply as yet............ must have gone to lunch!
steve 5 months ago
gamecrammer.com
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Being a director is no simple task, but with a bit of expert advice you'll be donning a beret and yelling action in no time.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
These easy tricks can help you polish your video productions without shattering your piggy bank.
Make your videos extra accessible by adding captions + subtitles.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/110/tripod-tricks
The world of video production can be a pricey place. Luckily, there are tons of quick tips and tricks that can help you create professional looking shots for practically nothing! This lesson focuses on the secrets a plain old tripod holds deep within those magical extending legs that can help take your videos to the next level.
Check out this short tutorial we made to help you unlock the secrets of the tripod.


Tripod as dolly slider- If you retract one of the legs on a tripod you can use the remaining two legs as pivot points to smoothly move your camera back and forth. This effect can help add motion to a static shot, suspense to a bland scene, or to help emphasize an object. Just remember to carefully pitch your camera forward and back as you lean the the camera. This will help keep your shot level while still giving you that smooth slider effect we all love.
Tripod as crane- Just like the dolly slider trick you again retract one leg and lean the camera on the remaining two. Since you're trying to emulate a crane shot though, you'll want to lean the camera far forward, almost to the ground and back. This effect can be exaggerated by extending the tripod to its maximum height. These types of shots are great for revealing moments in a scene or inversely moving from high to low to help emphasize a character or object.
Tripod as steadicam- The weight of your tripod can actually help smooth out your shots. Just open up the legs and grip the tripod from below the camera mount. The extra weight displacement should help keep small shakes to a minimum. This technique takes some practice to get right but with a nice smooth shot your video will look better. If you are unsatisfied with your footage, feel free to add some image stabilization during post. We used Final Cut Pro's 'Smoothcam' filter! Rubber band for pans- If you take an everyday rubber band and place it on the handle of your tripod you can smooth out your panning shots. The extra tension provided by the rubber band will help make your pan shots smooth instead of jumpy. Just make sure to grip the camera firmly with your other hand as you lead the movement by pulling on the rubber band carefully.
Remember that all tripods are different. Some of you might own a top of the line model while others might be stuck with your family's old handy-cam tripod. Make do with what you have and keep in mind that making videos is about being creative and solving problems, it's half the fun! Learning to shoot video isn't an easy task and these different tricks took us a few times to get just right so practice before using them on a serious video project. Give them a shot though and who knows, maybe you'll come up with your own tripod tricks.
Jesse Ramos 2 years ago
Great Tips..Thank you... Cheers.
Jakin 2 years ago
What tripod are you using? Or which do you recommend? LOVE all these videos!
Riley Hooper Staff 1 year ago
We're fans of Manfrotto tripods over here at Vimeo HQ!
TheOldRussianBum 10 months ago
Manfrotto, SLIK, Benro
Son Rise CF Plus 1 year ago
Thanks for the tips!
kadene yen 1 year ago
These tips will go a far way. Thanks a lot!
SueTheClue 1 year ago
Thanks a lot - fun to learn with you guys!
torquil boyd Plus 1 year ago
very well made and funnny excellent !!!!
Toni Vucic 1 year ago
I need to buy a rubber band now. I really liked that trick.
Alex Kraljič 1 year ago
Rubber band!!! Awesome guys, thanks!
Tony Murnahan 1 year ago
"I just get so excited about tripods..." lol Thanks!
Solid Rusk Production Plus 1 year ago
A f*****g rubber band...been looking for that tricks for so long man. Merci guys.
Allyance Entertainment Vimeo 1 year ago
Fun instructional vid. Thanks :)
Chris Erskine 1 year ago
Can you guys talk about steadicams etc for phones, particularly any tricks for non-iphone users?
sam richeson 1 year ago
Trix are for kids silly rabbit
marcelo Gerevini 1 year ago
Thank you for the tricks
Coach Friday 1 year ago
Love the sense of humor and not giving a eff about trying to be cool. A+ embrace your limitations!
Shiply PRO 10 months ago
Great ways of using the tripod. Learnt new tricks here, thanks!
TheOldRussianBum 10 months ago
Thx for tips, but you won't need rubber band if you have nice and slow tripod videohead
Eructo Films 8 months ago
genial!!!
Antonio Leyva 8 months ago
Thanks so much!
Renee Shutts 7 months ago
I signed up for this but then seen that it cost money so how do I un sign myself?
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Want to polish up your video productions but can't spare the cash for new equipment? Check out these cheap and easy tripod based tricks to give your video a professional look.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Grab your audience from the get-go with an animated title sequence. Learn how in Vimeo Video School.
If you want to hone your craft, Vimeo Video School awaits. Hundreds of lessons for noobs and pros, and tuition is free!
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/164/making-an-animated-title-sequence
Title sequences are some of the most memorable elements of classic films and TV shows. We love North by Northwest, Star Wars, and The Brady Bunch for lots of different reasons, but all entrance us from the first frame with animated title sequences that perfectly set the mood for the stories that follow. Recently, we explored motion design and watched many examples of compelling title sequences — now let's see how to make one. Motion design is a relatively complex endeavor, but luckily our very own Nick Campbell, a.k.a. the Greyscalegorilla, has some sweet tutorials to help you get started. For those who don't know him, Nick is a motion-design virtuoso, longtime Vimeo member, and never-ending fount of visual creativity.
In this lesson, Nick walks you through how to make a simple intro for your film using Maxon Cinema 4D and Adobe After Effects. First, he creates the Vimeo logo in 3D text using the extrude NURBS feature in Cinema 4D. Then he lights the logo with simple global illumination and ambient occlusion. Don't worry if you haven't used Cinema 4D before — it's pretty easy to set up. In the second part of the tutorial, Nick puts everything together in After Effects by tracking the scene to situate the logo in the scene. Finally, he color corrects and finishes the composite to create a realistic-looking animation. Don't sweat the technical jargon too much — Nick is a great teacher and takes you through the process step by step. When you're done, you'll end up with a cool animated title sequence like this:






After studying these tutorials, you should be ready to tackle your own title sequence. For more great tips on motion graphics, check out Greyscalegorilla. Until next time — happy extruding, compositing, and rendering!
Drewsie 2 years ago
Hey there, I have a question about EPS conversion. I took a photo that I cropped of a bird, and went online and found a web-site that converts images to EPS format. I went ahead and did that then followed your steps the rest of the way. However, when I got to the part of 'object merge', the AI8 file did not even load in and refuses to. It's not showing up at all.
I'm wondering if this has to do with the fact that it is a color photo? Does C4D only accept textual or logo or "solid colored" related objects in it's engine. But the irony is, is that I want to create a solid look in C4D (like the now infamous Apple I- pod campaign of the dancing freaks in solid colors or the Mad Men title sequence) y' know, solid, yet 3D and textured.
How can I achieve this goal within C4D? Would I have to do this in PS first by doing the layering to achieve the silhouetted solid color, after which, I would thereby drag into AI8 then onto cinema/\4?
Thank you. - SG
3rd Eye Media 2 years ago
C4D only sees the outlines (vector paths), and turns them into splines. If there's colour detail that could mess things up. Particularly if it makes a shape for each colour.
It's easiest if you start in Adobe Illustrator, Live Trace is an quick way to turn your photo into a vector: smashingmagazine.com/2010/11/15/illustrator-s-live-trace-sketch-to-vector/
Once you have your shape you can use 'Pathfinder' to 'Unite' to one object... fuelyourcreativity.com/a-comprehensive-look-at-illustrators-pathfinder-tool/
Then export as Illustrator 8 before 'Merge' in C4D as Nick demonstrates in the video. Hope this helps.
Zisis Gkoulioudis 2 years ago
vimeo.com/57967264 this is my try.. :)
Сергей Цабий 2 years ago
Я хочу быть вместе идти с вами мне нравится!:)
aurelio elia 7 months ago
tutto bene ,non capisco nah mazza sono Italiano
Sebastiano Dell'eva Plus 6 months ago
Si ma non spiattellarlo ai quattro venti. Non c'e' da vantarsi nel non sapere l'inglese. Please try and educate yourself.
Jose Ruano 5 months ago
Good tutorial, i try it but with the 3d camera tracker and the final video looks pretty good.
Santos Silva 4 months ago
ola amigos
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Grab your audience's attention from the get-go with an animated title sequence. Learn how to dazzle viewers from the start using software such as Maxon Cinema 4D and Adobe After Effects.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
We think it’s important to have control over your connections. Learn more about Member Block.
Hola amigos y amigas, ¿sabían ustedes que vimeo está disponible en español?
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/user28659989
olan amigos del muno sigeme y te sigo conpartiendo los vides de vimeo
Santos Silva does not have any videos yet.
Don’t let your Best Boy feel like a Second Best Boy. You should always give credit where it’s due.
Your face: it’s great. But with our Profile Portrait Editor, it could be the best.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/user28659989/likes/rss

--URL: https://vimeo.com/user28659989/videos/rss

--URL: https://vimeo.com/sampilling
Director @Pulse Films sampilling.com
+ See all 415
1 year ago
1 year ago
1 month ago
6 months ago
7 months ago
11 months ago
Hubnut lets you show multiple videos in a row, so people can keep watching. And watching. And watching.
Customize the color, buttons, and outro of your embedded video with Vimeo Plus and PRO.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/tools/widget/hubnut
Sometimes you need to invigorate your creative impulses. Check out some classic Vimeo projects to get your synapses snapping.
If you want to hone your craft, Vimeo Video School awaits. Hundreds of lessons for noobs and pros, and tuition is free!
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/167/easy-vimeo-projects
At Vimeo, we celebrate all types of videos and video makers, from the totally novice to the completely professional. And while we love a good HD tilt-shift bokeh-filled underwater timelapse video, we also love simple videos of everyday moments, caught on the fly with small point-and-shoot cameras or cell phones and uploaded with little editing or post-production trickery. These types of projects challenge Vimeans to pay close attention, push their personal boundaries, and feed off one another's creativity.
Over the years, we've launched numerous video projects that champion this more candid, off-the-cuff style of video making. Here's a look at some of our favorite super-easy, super-fun projects, which will hopefully inspire you to go out and start shooting!
1. One Minute With an oh-so-simple premise, this project focuses on cinematography and is designed to capture the moments in life that are often overlooked. The video must be exactly one minute in length, contain no camera movements (panning, tilting, etc.) or editing, and make use of original sound. When you're done, tag it with '1 minute' and upload to the One Minute Group. For some inspiration, check out James Adamson's Light and Water video, which won a Weekend Project a few years ago.
















Harold Seifert 2 years ago
Very interesting. Nice touch!
WE LOVE STUDIO 2 years ago
Really like the Swishblog! That's a cool transition. It reminds me the techniques that invents Michel Gondry!
Ali Abidi § 2 years ago
I done the first two! Hoping to do all of them soon!
Steve Jaramillo 2 years ago
I'm gonna try to do as many of these as possible to practice.
Alex 2 years ago
I liked so much the long portrait, persons are so authentic. I will try to do one.
jenna 1 year ago
Thank you !
Nimesh Shrestha 1 year ago
Thank you :)
Irina Pechonkina 1 year ago
Thank you- there are so wonderful technique, so charming people.
Pablo Acosta Plus 1 year ago
Muchas gracias, muy buenos ejemplos!!
daniblues 1 year ago
Love them all but the Long Portrait one can be truly special....
Nandu Chitnis Plus 1 year ago
One minute...continuous?
Rachel Likes to Read! 1 year ago
Bahhhh I've been doing the "fauxtograph" one for forever! That's the first time I've ever heard that name though. lovelovelove.
ALHASSAN MOHAMMED LAWAL 1 year ago
it is time to make a real business with Microsoft window 8 and office 2013 and i hope alot of people are coming to join me so let us be together and make it work in togetherness
Andreas Abstreiter PRO 10 months ago
Very inspiring! Thank you! By the way... The page vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/85/lets-get-vertical in the Vertical Videos section doesn't exist.
Jake dewitt hendry 9 months ago
I hated Vimeo the first time i used it ,But i have learned how to use my Mac Better and VIMEO Rocks + the Did you Know? tips A+++ Thank you!!
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Some simple Vimeo projects to get you started or reinvigorate your creative impulses.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Crop factor is important to keep in mind when selecting cameras and lenses, and it has nothing to do with farming.
Ready to bag some barrels? Learn how to shoot a killer surf film in Video School.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/256/how-to-make-a-surf-video
If you're a water enthusiast, the ocean's waves are a source of endless fun. Harnessing a wave's energy and coasting down its line is an incredibly unique experience, as no two waves are the same. The ocean's unpredictability offers an added joy and challenge, but it can make producing a good surf video a little tricky. But fear not! We at Vimeo teamed up with our pals at Korduroy.tv to help you make the surf video of your dreams.


Pre Production
Location: Like any kind of film making, finding a great location is important. However, if you choose a picturesque beach with bad waves, your video will not turn out so hot. Knowing where and when the waves are working takes a lot of local knowledge. Variables such as tides, waves, and wind are always changing and work better for specific locations. Because of this, it is smart to talk to and work with talented local surfers who will know exactly where to go.
Organizing: It is always best to organize for a shoot the night before. When you arrive at the beach, you don't want to waste time searching for that missing lens in the sand and there will almost never be electrical outlets around to charge your empty batteries. So, plan ahead and arrive ready to go the day of filming.
Dressing appropriately: Part of planning ahead the night before is knowing what to wear. When standing on a beach and filming for hours, you are very exposed to the elements. In the mornings, bring warm clothes. You'll be surprised by how cold it can be in temperate climates during the early hours. If you're in the tropics, make sure to bring lots of water and sun protection. Production
Gear: When filming surfing from the beach, you're going to want to use a tripod to keep your image as stable as possible and a telephoto lens to capture the action close up. For a tripod, use one with a fluid head to ensure smooth pans. A photo tripod will unfortunately not be suitable in this situation. Make sure that before filming, your tripod is level to the horizon so that when you film your subject surfing down the line, they are not going up or down hill.
When shooting with your telephoto lens, DSLRs with a 1.6 cropped sensor will actually come in handy, as they simulate an increase of focal length when compared to a camera with a full frame sensor. This means that you will be able to zoom in even further and your subject will appear closer.
Filming from the beach: Filming from the beach is the easiest way to capture surfing. You can stand on solid ground, keep all of your gear with you and also get a nice tan. That said, there are a few things to keep in mind to make it even easier for you. As your subject paddles out, try to study his or her paddling mannerisms and later, their surfing style so that you don't lose them in the line up. It's very easy for wetsuit clad people to all look the same and you don't want to waste time filming the wrong surfer. Speaking of missing the shot, try to not get distracted in between sets. More times than not, you're going to miss the shot of the day if you're busy yapping on the telephone instead of looking through your viewfinder.
Okay, so your subject has finally caught a wave and you are recording. Now what? Try to keep the surfer in the back third of the frame in the direction that he or she is going at all times. Doing so becomes more and more difficult the further that you are zoomed in so it may take some practice to stay with them and to anticipate their turns and airs.
To keep your final video interesting, it's important to mix up your shots. Try exploring different angles to find what works best at that particular break. When you move, do so quickly after your subject finishes a wave so you don't miss anything. If you happen to have any down time before, during or after your subject's session, shoot the surrounding scenery and some wide shots of the line up to give the action context. However, if you are filming at a secret or localized break, it'll be in your best interest to respect the spot and not give any clues to your whereabouts.
Filming in the water: Filming in the water is much harder than on the beach but it can also be a lot of fun and give you some amazing vantages. If you are just starting out, using a waterproof compact camera with a wide angle lens will be your best bet. Hold the camera steady and position yourself close to the surfer as he or she rides by, the closer you are to the action, the better your shot will be, but not so close that you will get hit. While you are worrying about staying out of your subject's way, also do the same and respect the other surfers at the break. No one likes a cameraman who gets in the way of a good wave. For more on the basics of shooting in water check out this lesson.
Post Production
Editing: If you've followed the pre production and production tips, you should be in good shape to edit a cool surf video. Way to go! When you get home, download your footage to your computer immediately. Chances are, tomorrow will be another good day to film and as you now know, preparing the night before is the way to go and having empty memory cards is crucial. Once your video files are on your computer, it is time to organize. Rename your clips with information from the day like the name of the surfer, the date and the name of the break. Mark the good shots before you process the footage, this way, you will only have to process the good clips that you'll actually want to use come editing time. Once all your footage is converted and ready to go, think of the story arc that you are trying to tell. Was it a mellow, fun day or was it a big day filled with lots of radical aerial maneuvers? Whatever it was, try and find a song in the Vimeo Music Store that will help convey the mood of your video.
With that, you should be well on your way to creating a surf epic like Alex by Turkeymelt

SurfingShow 2 years ago
Great article!!I was willing to see some thing in surf mags but i didn't. Grande Vimeo!! :)
Gustavo Diuana 2 years ago
What shutter speed would you recommend for shooting a surf video ?
Janaka Priyantha (janu boy) 2 years ago
that's so nice
Videographer Bruce Merwin 1 year ago
Great video, thanks.
Andrew Cauthen 1 year ago
Well done! Things we'd learn better by just going out there and doing it, but thanks. I know people are used to cheerleaders in these dark times. You have the means to now do a video on traveling with no money, camping in car or beach, not eating much, trusting in a grand universe to provide, beauty of nature, the perfection of all things as they are, and good friends. Make sure to film it for real everyday humans on folk equipment like your phone if you want it to last and make an impact. Lastly, give it away for free so that we may as a whole see beyond superficial money as abundance. Response ability :-)
Lynn Farrington 1 year ago
Great, really enjoyed that.
Deanthony Taylor 1 year ago
Thanks keep me posted
Creation Videos Plus 10 months ago
thank you added vimeo.com/channels/creationvideos
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
In this lesson, Vimeo Video School teamed up with Korduroy.tv to teach you how to shoot a surfing video, check it out!
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
Ready to bag some barrels? Learn how to shoot a killer surf film in Video School.
Choose what you want to see in your feed. Experience the glory of the Feed Manager.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: https://vimeo.com/feedmanager
We can help you avoid severe migraines by gently walking you through video compression best practices with our friendly tutorials.
If you dream of buttery smooth playback for your vids, our lesson on compression will make it come true.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:

--URL: https://vimeo.com/videoschool/lesson/259/video-compression-basics
So you've spent months writing your script, days shooting at various locations, weeks editing every cut and transition to perfection and color grading each shot by hand, and now it's all finished. Your hard work, condensed to a few minutes of pure moving picture glory. The only thing left is to upload your feature to Vimeo. Compared to the effort exerted beforehand, in theory exporting the video should be a piece of cake. But then you export your video, and it's a blocky mess like a toddler playing with spaghetti. What happened?
Video compression is the last step before uploading your file online. As the name implies, compressing video reduces its file size. This is very important, because smaller files upload faster, save bandwidth and storage costs, and load quicker when played back. However, if video is compressed too much, the file can lose its detail, resolution, clarity, and much much more.
Let's watch this tutorial video by the knowledgable Darren Levine to get a handle on the basics of video compression. Then we'll jump into the details.


Every couple of frames, the codec will pick a keyframe that will serve as a reference for all the frames after it. Each keyframe consists of the entire image, and the following frames base their changes off of it. It's important to select a keyframe interval that isn't too frequent, or too infrequent. If you set the interval too frequent, you'll end up with a large video file, set it too infrequent and you'll have strange ghosting artifacts. Matching your keyframe interval to your frame rate (essentially making a new keyframe once every second) is usually a good place to start, but depending on what you're shooting this may vary.
Bit rate (also known as data rate) is the amount of data that is used for each second of video. In the world of video, this is generally measured in kilobits per second (kbps). Bit rates come in two flavors: constant and variable. A constant bit rate (CBR) uses the same amount of data every second, while a variable bit rate (VBR) adjusts the amount of data used depending on the complexity of the changes between frames. Generally, a variable bit rate will produce a smaller file, using less data for less complex frames. However, if there is a lot of action going on in your video, a variable bit rate will use more data to account for more movement.
Again, you'll want to find that sweet spot between a high and low bit rate; too high and you'll have a larger file without a significant increase in quality, too low and you'll lose detail and start to see blocky areas in your video. Quality between CBR and VBR can vary, so try exporting two versions of your video using either bit rate type and see which one gives you the best quality for your video.
Check out this comparison between a clip encoded at a low bit rate vs. a high bit rate. The screenshots are taken from our Vimeo in Spanish announcement video, where the camera tilts up looking at Vimeo HQ. At a very low bit rate with a fair amount of movement, large areas of the image are grouped together and look like big chunky blocks of color.

Resolution is the actual size of your video, measured in pixels. When you're exporting your video, most of the time you'll want to match the resolution of your camera. Our Video School lesson on resolution has all the details for you.
The number of frames shown every second is called frame rate. We've covered this before in our Frame Rate vs. Shutter Speed lesson, but this time around we're talking about the frame rate of the video you export. Just like resolution, when exporting you'll want to match the frame rate of your camera, which is typically 24, 25, or 30 frames per second (fps) when it comes to video.
One thing to watch out for when exporting your video is the option for a variable frame rate. Just like variable bit rate, exporting with a variable frame rate changes the number of frames per second depending on the amount of movement in your video. While theoretically this can save space, not all programs or websites can play back variable frame rate videos, and the audio can fall out-of-sync. To play it safe, stick with a constant frame rate.
What settings you use overall depends on where your video is ultimately going. Videos that will be uploaded to Vimeo should use the settings recommended on our Compression Guidelines page. If you're exporting a rough cut for a director, maybe a low bit rate, low resolution video is best. Videos going to Blu-Ray should have the highest quality possible. Always keep the final location of your video in mind when choosing your export settings.
Remember: don't let the pressure of compression get to you. Stay cool, keep your file sizes reasonable, and may your playback be buttery smooth.
EJMProductions 2 years ago
Great video... talks fast though... thanks!
Diego Zurita 2 years ago
Dudes,
I shoot skateboarding videos. So there is a lot of movement in my clips. I always shoot in 720p - 60 fps. Editing with Sony Vegas Pro using AVC codec. I always match my clips with my project settings, but i keep 30 fps frame rate. And always render in CBR (10millions). Do you think i did something wrong? Should i set my project setting to 60 fps? Oh my videos always goes to Vimeo.
Bullwinkle Eats Vegemite 11 months ago
I want an answer to this also. I do off road motorcycle videos with lots of movement and vibration. I normally record at 60fps using a gopro but is it better to record at 30fps if Vimeo recommends exporting at 30fps?
Austin Ball Plus 8 months ago
Film at 60 or even 120 frames per second. then edit it at 30 frames a second. that way you can slow it down 50% speed (if 60) or 25% speed (if 120) and it will still be smooth as butter. If you leave it at 100% speed it will just cut out every other frame which is no big deal. That's really the only advantage of filming at a high frame rate. sweet slow mo's.
CINEMOV 5 months ago
"Edit it at 30 frames a second. that way you can slow it down 50% speed (if 60) or 25% speed (if 120) and it will still be smooth as better." This is the Answer! :)
yoetama 2 years ago
thanks, but i have some trouble when upload a video,
sharafu.mistik 1 year ago
hi
Michael Gregory 2 years ago
Awesome video! Do you plan on making more advanced encoding videos? It would be cool to know about the more advanced encoding techniques such as using variable bit rates, or what happens when you use CRF values for your quality.
Pilot Fire Plus 2 years ago
Thank you for this. My next question is, are there any settings that help streaming. I understand there are some checkboxes to click that will help preload videos so there isn't as much stalling while buffering.
La Chica Boom Plus 2 years ago
This is all very good information, however I am so basic that I need to know where I change bit rate, res, and any of the information discussed here. I am not sure what to click to find all these settings. Yes, it is this basic for me. Thanks!
Steve Crye 2 years ago
All this depends on the editing software your are using. The most popular include Final lCut, Sony Vegas and Adobe Premier. All of those have "starter" versions that you can try to get your feet wet. You can also download fully functional, but time-limited versions of Sony Vegas and Adobe Premier. (That is how I was hooked into buying Vegas pro ;-) )
Have fun!
ilhami çetin 2 years ago
Görüntü sisteme geç yükleniyor,
Vikki Blondin 2 years ago
I really dont know why i should use vimeo vs just sending my ipad iphone vids to youtube or facebook. I am new to this and just found out how to burn imovie to dvd then found out the dvd will not play in dvd player! Lol
Graham Pearson Plus 2 years ago
Quality is much higher,both content and viewing,on Viemo
Steve Crye 2 years ago
Vikki, I use both!
Steve
Wen Osch 1 year ago
>>I really dont know why i should use vimeo vs just sending my ipad iphone vids to youtube or facebook.
julz H4real 2 years ago
Can't seem to hit the bit rate required for 720p. Always results in around 3800kbps, required is 5000kbps so my video doesn't have HD. How do I increase bitrate? I've already exported to mp4 in highest settings. Is my video too short? Lack of detail? Thanks!
Steve Crye 2 years ago
What editing software are you using?
NACH SEGOR Plus 2 years ago
Socorro¡ Mis videos ultimamente no los puedo subir.Ruego solucion.
Theodros Ghezahegn 2 years ago
great video.
Brittany Barko 2 years ago
I'll I want is to upload a bloody 1 minute video of me reading a story book for a uni assessment nothing flash. I was told we had to upload it to the website but why do i have to go through so much sh-it with 'editing' so it can up load, i'm not a film maker and don't want to spend a hour downloading an editing software for god sake, why can't i just upload as is, but it wont let me. It was filmed on a small flip cam, so no high definition.
Therese B Samudio 2 years ago
Are you kidding me? I want to upload a 7 minute video. I have a VIMEO PRO account. Shot on my iphone5, sent through camera roll to my PC laptop. Then I opened VIMEO and selecedt that file to upload. It took hours to upload and the uploaded video and audio are out of sinc. Why? Is there a better easier way that does not involve compression? And how to solve the sinc problem?
Proff Rob 1 year ago
try YouTube
Eric Vercelot 2 years ago
I've read the compression guidelines ; I uploaded few videos SD/HD on a Vimeo Pro account. (H264 constant bitrate, 25fps, 2000Kbps for SD, 5000Kbits for HD 1280x720). Why my videos are always re-compressed by Vimeo ? The results are lower quality than my exports…
David Heerema Plus 1 year ago
I'm suffering from the same problem here. Looks like lower bitrate than my original and maybe change in framerate too (original is 29.97)
Gwen Velge 1 year ago
Same problem as Orange. Video looks perfect on my computer and on HD TV with a file size of 240MB, and while it looks ok on Vimeo it has definitely been re-compressed by Vimeo and looses the HD look. Exported at 4000Kbits, 25fps, 1280x720, H.264. Re-exporting now at 5000Kbits and upgraded to PLUS but seeing what Orange wrote I have that feeling it won't change anything.
Charles Zuzak 1 year ago
If Vimeo wanted to be on the cutting edge of web video, post their compression command line that they use to convert videos. If we could convert them on our end (and still comply with the level/profile combination for MPEG-4 AVC/H.264) it would save them processing power and our videos would look better because they'd avoid re-compression.
lorenzo isacs 1 year ago
wow you need to be a genius to follow your fast talk, not easy,
museo maiz 1 year ago
¿Por que no simplemente recomiendan un convertidor y ya?
Michael Enders 1 year ago
This is supposed to be for beginners, but it isn't so much. All I want to do is post videos made with Apple Photobooth to a group in Vimeo. I see recommendations on Vimeo that videos should be compressed before uploading. I uploaded a couple without compressing and it took ages, which makes me appreciate the need for compression. So, my question is this: If instead of uploading, I open the file with Quick Time Player and then export from there to Vimeo, does Quick Time Player automatically compress it? If not, what is the easiest way to compress it?
Bill Maune Plus 1 year ago
I have the same question!!!! Did you get an answer?
Michael Enders 1 year ago
I found out on my own that if I open the video that I created in Photobooth in Quick Time, I can export the video in Quick Time and it compresses it into several versions - one optimized for broadband, one optimized for WiFi, and one optimized for smartphones. Which you choose depends on how you want to make the compromise between quality and speed and ease of viewers downloading it.
Annapolis Film Festival 1 year ago
My 'video' is actually a slide show made in iMovie. Just a series of stills. All is fine except for ONE of the 90 images comes out dark in Vimeo. The original is great, high resolution and it's just perfect in iMovie -- it is exactly the same as all of the other images until it is in Vimeo, then dark. Any thoughts ??????
mona yakzan 1 year ago
when I compress my video with your tutorial am loosing the voice, why?
tiffany lee brown 1 year ago
well, i 'm just trying to figure out what freaking file type i'm supposed to save it to. Do they want a .dv file, a little mp4, or what?
"Difficulty: beginner" just ain't true...
Baby Girl Films Plus 1 year ago
I am non the wiser I'm afraid~
fullclipfilms 1 year ago
followed every thing am asked to do but kept telling me i exceeded 30 frame rates i have know idea what this talking bout 720 p exported frame rates automatic 5000 bit rate been uploading for years never have no problem but now just been pain and my video wont sync with the audio always few seconds late don't not what to do any more been with vimeo for almost ten years just dont know where this problem coming from man i need help
Pilar Caceres Plus 1 year ago
NECESITO SUBIR UN VIDEO Y ES MUY GRANDE. COMO LO PUEDO COMPRIMIR????
hurondechaves 1 year ago
hola Pilar, yo uso el Total Video Converter, es bueno y me ha sacado de apuros mas de una vez. Siempre en h264, que es lo recomendado aca.
Gabriel Vinderman 1 year ago
El VirtualDub es una buena opción también.
Manuel Mendoza Sifre 1 year ago
¿Acabo de intentar subir a VIMEO las mismas presentaciones de ProShow Producer que ya subí a YouTube sin tener allí el más mínimo problema y ahora resulta que tengo que volverme un Gurú para poder usar VIMEO? Naaaa, baby, me voy con las manos vacías de VIMEO,otra vez para YouTube....Bye! mmsifre@hotmail.com
Alister Ling 1 year ago
No help?! Same re-compression problem as Orange , Velge and Zuzak. Upload does not let me adjust settings! Different compressions on my laptop look fine, but once uploaded, all blocky!
Next tutorial please!
Monica Benninghoff 1 year ago
Clear as mud. :) Do you have a level easier than "video compression basics?"
Kristin Zabawa Plus 1 year ago
Help! I've uploaded a couple slideshows of stills with music with inconsistent results. I use iTunes to create the slideshow. I create an album of very high res images, each saved for Web. I put them in the order I want, then create a slideshow using the highest setting for "Display" (computer viewing.) I export the slideshow to my desktop then upload that to Vimeo. This is my problem, and I'd appreciate advice on this, 'cause I can't figure this out: WHEN IT WORKS: Once the slideshow is uploaded in Vimeo, to view I select the lower right icon to increase the frame- this gets rid of the type/graphics surrounding it, which I want. Then I turn off the scaling. In the past, this has created a very nice, larger (NOT filling screen) presentation with a simple black background. Images crisp, good. BUT, sometimes the images in Vimeo end up much smaller and look bad when the Increase Size icon is selected. This happens when I use the same images previously used in successful slideshows.
Ron Escoffery 1 year ago
I just finished a 5 minutes video using iMovie, tried to upload it to Vimeo but it failed several times. Can you tell me how to compress the video from iMovie so Vimeo will accept it.I am real old and not techie at all.Simple 1,2,3instructions would be helpful,
Joe Lee 1 year ago
GoPro 3 videos take for ever to upload, compression video was no help, tried to use a zip file, still takes an hour to load a 3 min video. Help?
Anthony 1 year ago
Hi Tommy
I notice your eyes moving from side to side. Very distracting. Devalues the video. Obviously you are using a teleprompter on your computer. Here's a tip.
Adjust the width of your teleprompter on screen or the width of your text block to be very narrow so your eyes travel far less from left to right. Do a test and try to see if your eyes are moving too much and adjust until it is unnoticeable. This will be far more realistic and engaging and seem like you have put a whole lot more effort into the production.
George Mansfield 1 year ago
Thought this was an inspiring video, but didn't actually answer my question. I still am not sure how to compress my video so it will work on my website.
MOX Studios 1 year ago
@ STAFF I would like to submit a video on how to upload from Final Cut Pro X. Where can I do that? Thanks! Hope you guys see this.
Grandview Heights Nazarene Plus 1 year ago
WHAT SOFTWARE? Where can I get it? Any Shareware? Great instruction.
strongangelstar 1 year ago
Quality video .. informative and to the point ..
Peddy Pedro Knowles 1 year ago
Great video! Now could we have the version with sound? ;-)
cyclonbb 1 year ago
quality and quantity videos, go it cool..
Immanuel Heims Plus 1 year ago
Hello,
I just saw the offer "We offer free Vimeo Plus accounts to users who make video compression tutorial videos." Is this still valid? Would you be in need of a Premiere Pro CC / Media Encoder CC tutorial?
Thanx for a short info.
Greetings from Germany
Furman 1 year ago
Thank you for making it easy to understand for technologically-challenged seniors like me! Mrs. Choon, DTM, QS
Niki Delverme 1 year ago
Great video - love learning!
sharafu.mistik 1 year ago
hi
sharafu.mistik 1 year ago
hi
Steve Cowie 1 year ago
Vimeo could break the 30FPS barrier as many cameras and recorders can do higher frame rates and the motion looks even better. Windows .wmv files support 72fps. Why can't you?
e-clips.tv PRO 1 year ago
All my videos are always jerky! No matter which computer, Internet connection speed or browser. And I know quite a lot of people who encounter the same problems. Do you know what to do?
Sawyer Bell Plus 1 year ago
Hi Tommy. I just started doing my son's audition tapes in house (literally, in my house). I've got lightiting and background and everything is great. I use Corel Video ProX5 for editing/saving the videos, then upload to my premium Vimeo account. I save them as MP4 HD but the files are large - about 200 MG for 2 minutes. I'm concerned that they're too large for casting to watch/playback. When we used an outside person, they were more like 30 MG for similar-length videos. Should I not make them HD? Or do something else entirely to "compress" the files when saving or uploading? Thanks.
alaa Plus 1 year ago
h
alaa Plus 1 year ago
Hi I have a question
please tell me why my upload is failed , the sise is 277 MB and i pay here for good space without any problem , even that faile , why ?
why i should comprees my film ? and why the compress is very comlicated ? should be very easy and automaticaly
Health Wealth and Fit Plus 1 year ago
Thank you!! Very helpful.
Karen Torres 1 year ago
Just wondering how long it takes to download 2 minute trailer? Forever is a mighty long time.
MPTrogen 8 months ago
Karen, did you get answer? I did a 2minute today, depends on the level of special effects and edits, which needs to render into the finished mp4 or quicktime (.mov) file, and the size of file you compress to, such as generic small or wide bandwidth, or if you go into options and larger files take longer. I found several google posts that explain settings, let me know if you want more info. Mine took about half hour, I ran out to kitchen to make a bite to eat and then it was done. Good luck!
Iziqui 1 year ago
No hay nada en Español??
Apolo Software PRO 11 months ago
Que bueno que Vimeo pensara en los latinos, ya muchas otras casas de software brindan servicio en ambos idiomas
Nico Brown Plus 11 months ago
This is so full of jargon. Completely useless.
Capture HD Golf Plus 10 months ago
Read a lot of question, don't see any questions answered. Do you answer via email? Thanks Have 1 question! Shooting 1080 x 60p video. Estimated record time, 23 minutes. MOV files from Final Cut Pro. Not a Vimeo Plus or Pro yet. Can I ever upload this file to Vimeo? YouTube will upload.
MPTrogen 8 months ago
Mark, did you get answer? I do similar, shot video into FCP. After you are happy with edit, go to file and drop down to export. gives choices to choose small med or large band, exports into MP4 file. Or you can customize by going into options. Several how-to videos on this subject on google. Briefly, you get this mp4 file and THAT will upload to Vimeo. Good Luck! MaryT
PHOTO graphics by PRICE 10 months ago
Thank you. Will be watching this a few more times. Really think the host and the material are excellent! I learned alot!
Bill Nevens 8 months ago
i have a 5gb file when I'm done editing. How can I make the file much smaller (under 1gb). I'm using Adobe Premier CS5, SD, 16:9 aspect ratio.
john t nichols 7 months ago
how about steps A, B and C, so I can compress it and get it on FB
Stewart Dean Plus 7 months ago
The Video Compression Guidlines page has Tutorials...that do no include Nero Vision. Please Include
Lord 7 months ago
Estimado Vimeo...no compliquen la vida, Dejense de hinchar los huevos y tomen los video tal cual los subimos y encarguense de que no surja ningun problema de reproduccion , la idea es lograr satisfaccion luego de haber subido el video, si surje este habitual problema de conversion no es satisfactorio ni agradable y nos deja una mala impresion asociada con el sitio. Sabran entender mi justo reclamo. saludos.
ASIONGMAKELARBARANGBANGUNAN 6 months ago
CAMMOND BYE BYE ARE YOU READY SYAUDAHP OPERATOR LIVECHAT CCTV MY FACEBOOK/CCTC CHATON/CCTV CHAYTING MY STATTUS NYAHTA ASLI BERITA HUKUM PBB SERIKAT/ARE YOU READY RESPONDS"S OPERATOR MY DOUWNLOAD CCTV MY SAMSUNG GALAXY TYPE 7580 OUWN THE WAY/CAMMOND BYE BYE RESPONDS"S SATERLIT/IEUNTERNERTS"S/INDOSAT/INDOHOKKY/TELKOMSEL/COUMPIUTERS"S
Claudia Wyler Photography Plus 6 months ago
OMG this is so beyond confusing and I am totally REGRETTING buying a yr of this service. I have spent an entire day trying to upload a photo slide show for a client and it fails every time as soon as it gets to 70%. I am so mad. I saved it in lightroom and exported it as an MP4... i have NO IDEA what they mean by compression.... someone please help? If I can't figure this out how do I get a refund?
melchior blausand 5 months ago
Hi and thanks for the services! Could you at vimeo please specify the reason for recompressing an uploaded video so we can try better to avoid that? As we all know recompression is the last thing on earth that should happen. Sad enough that we have to recompress for constant framerate as all those smart phone cams deliver in seriously variable frame rates.
Ivan Šestak Peteranec 4 months ago
Poštovanje. Vijerojatno me niste razumjeli da ja svoju milost koju sam dobio ukazanjem MAJKE BOŽJE njezine velike milosti i nezamislive snage ja koristim samo pomažuči svim ljudima i na največe daljine bez ikakove zahvale a kamoli da mi se moja pomoč svim potrebitim naplati pa tako ni ja vama nemogu platiti da budem član vašeg tima jer vam to ne mogu platiti, a vi ako želite da i dalje pratite moja pomaganja širom svijeta i čuti nepojmljive događaje za ljudski um koje ču vam lagano sa vremenom odgovarati i opominjati vas i raditi dobra dijela za čoviječanstvo možete me ucrstiti u vašu stranicu , Besplatno. AMEN.
L.L. Media 3 months ago
why i use the video compression setting for vimeo, and when i upload the video vimeo take another compression!?!??! this is no sense!!! i upload a 720p resolution. so!?!??!
This conversation is missing your voice. Please join Vimeo or log in.
Video compression is key in getting your video online and making it load fast for viewing. But compression can also cause nasty artifacts. In this lesson we cover the basics of how video compression works and some common terms used in the field.
New to Video School? Read our Frequently Asked Questions.
Behind The Scenes
Do It Yourself
DSLR
Editing
Gear
Lighting
Shooting
Software
Sound
Most of the video tutorials in our Video School lessons come from Vimeo members. If you have a tutorial you'd like to share, please submit it here.
It can be difficult to find focus in life, and also when shooting videos. We can help you with one of those challenges.
Your face: it’s great. But with our Profile Portrait Editor, it could be the best.
TM + © 2015 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.
Made with k in NYC.
Your content preferences apply to any Vimeo videos you view. Learn more about content preferences in our FAQ.
Vimeo is available in the following languages:


--URL: http://www.flickr.com/photos/vimeo/sets/72157622795700752/
Here's a link to this album. Just copy and paste!

 show short URL

--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/
We make the world's daily habits inspiring and entertaining.
See the weather like never before - only Yahoo Weather combines stunning photos with the most accurate forecasts.

Read, respond to and organize your messages quickly, whether you're at home or on the go.

Share your photos in brilliant, full resolution from anywhere to any device and anyone.

Access your email accounts, calendars, stock portfolio, sports scoreboard, weather, Flickr, and of course your favorite content — from Yahoo and around the Web.

Follow the world's creators. Share photos, video, quotes, chats, links, and text.
Read the latest breaking news and interesting articles and see what's trending now on the internet.
"Companies with the best talent win." -- Marissa Mayer, CEO
Yahoo is focused on making the world's daily habits inspiring and entertaining - whether you're searching the web, emailing friends, sharing photos with family, or simply checking the weather, sports scores or stock quotes.
By Assaf Kremer, Product Manager Today, we’re launching a new login history page to ensure that ourusers have full...
By Susan Kittenplan, VP & Executive Editor, New Media Initiatives Spring is here, although it doesn’t quite...
By Matthew Wee, Senior Product Manager, Mobile We recently gave the Yahoo app on iPhone a new look and we’ve heard...

--URL: https://transparency.yahoo.com
Terms and Privacy
Marissa Mayer, Yahoo CEO

Over 800 million people globally visit Yahoo for daily habits like email, photo sharing, news and sports. Like other technology companies, we regularly receive requests from governments around the world to disclose certain user data or remove content. Our users deserve to know as much as possible about the requests we receive, and we want to provide as much information as lawfully permitted. That is why we’ve committed to sharing a transparency report and updating it twice a year.
Data requests
Removal requests

Our users enlighten and inform everything we do, including how we approach government activities that impact them. Our commitment to and concern for your privacy, security and freedom are expressed in our users first approach to these activities. You trust and rely on us to deliver beautiful and personalized products that make your daily habits inspiring and entertaining. You can trust us to work hard to protect your data and right to free expression when you use those products. 
Users first in action
Global principles for responding to requests
Other transparency reports providing information about government requests, include the following:


--URL: http://info.yahoo.com/legal/us/yahoo/utos/utos-173.html
Terms and Privacy
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Yahoo! Inc. ("Yahoo") welcomes you. Yahoo provides the Yahoo Services (defined below) to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/terms/utos/index.html. By accessing and using the Yahoo Services, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of the TOS. In addition, when using particular Yahoo owned or operated services, you and Yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to our Spam Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. Yahoo may also offer other services that are governed by different Terms of Service. In such cases the other terms of service will be posted on the relevant service to which they apply.
2. DESCRIPTION OF YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo provides users with access to a rich collection of resources, including without limitation various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed (the "Yahoo Services"). You also understand and agree that the Yahoo Services may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for Yahoo to provide the Yahoo Services. You also understand and agree that the Yahoo Services may include certain communications from Yahoo, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of Yahoo membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Yahoo Services, including the release of new Yahoo properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Yahoo Services is provided "AS-IS" and that Yahoo assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Yahoo Services, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Yahoo Services.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Yahoo Services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Please be aware that Yahoo has created certain areas on the Yahoo Services that contain adult or mature content. You must be at least 18 years of age to access and view such areas.
3. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of your use of the Yahoo Services, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving the Yahoo Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Yahoo Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Yahoo has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Yahoo has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Yahoo Services (or any portion thereof). You must be aged 13 or over to use the Services. If you have a pre-existing Family Account covering children aged under 13 then you have an ongoing responsibility to determine whether any of the Yahoo Services areas and/or Content (as defined in Section 6 below) are appropriate for your child.
4. YAHOO PRIVACY POLICY
Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject to our applicable privacy policy. For more information, see the full Yahoo Privacy Policy at https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html. You understand that through your use of the Yahoo Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the applicable privacy policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Yahoo and its affiliates.
5. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Yahoo Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Yahoo of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Yahoo cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.
6. MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Yahoo, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Yahoo Services. Yahoo does not control the Content posted via the Yahoo Services and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Yahoo Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Yahoo be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Yahoo Services.
You agree to not use the Yahoo Services to:
a. upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
b. harm minors in any way;
c. impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Yahoo official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
d. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Yahoo Service;
e. upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
f. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
g. upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose (please read our complete Spam Policy);
h. upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
i. disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Yahoo Services are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
j. interfere with or disrupt the Yahoo Services or servers or networks connected to the Yahoo Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Yahoo Services, including using any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers;
k. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
l. provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
m. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; and/or
n. collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs a through m above.
You acknowledge that Yahoo may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Yahoo and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any Content that is available via the Yahoo Services. Without limiting the foregoing, Yahoo and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Yahoo or submitted to Yahoo, including without limitation information in Yahoo Message Boards and in all other parts of the Yahoo Services.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Yahoo may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the TOS; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users and the public.
You understand that the Yahoo Services and software embodied within the Yahoo Services may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Yahoo and/or content providers who provide content to the Yahoo Services. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Yahoo Services. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Yahoo Services, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
7. INTERSTATE NATURE OF COMMUNICATIONS ON YAHOO NETWORK
When you register with Yahoo, you acknowledge that in using the Yahoo Services to send electronic communications (including but not limited to email, search queries, sending messages to Yahoo Chat or Yahoo Groups, uploading photos and files to Flickr, and other Internet activities), you will be causing communications to be sent through Yahoo's computer networks, portions of which are located in California, Texas, Virginia, and other locations in the United States and portions of which are located abroad. As a result, and also as a result of Yahoo's network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications, even communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission. Accordingly, by agreeing to this TOS, you acknowledge that use of the service results in interstate data transmissions.
8. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE AND EXPORT AND IMPORT COMPLIANCE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Use of the Yahoo Services and transfer, posting and uploading of software, technology, and other technical data via the Yahoo Services may be subject to the export and import laws of the United States and other countries. You agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations, including without limitation the Export Administration Regulations (see http://www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/ear_data.html) and sanctions control programs of the United States (see http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx). In particular, you represent and warrant that you: (a) are not a prohibited party identified on any government export exclusion lists (see http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm) or a member of a government of any other export-prohibited countries as identified in applicable export and import laws and regulations; (b) will not transfer software, technology, and other technical data via the Yahoo Services to export-prohibited parties or countries; (c) will not use the Yahoo Services for military, nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weaponry end uses in violation of U.S. export laws; and (d) will not transfer, upload, or post via the Yahoo Services any software, technology or other technical data in violation of U.S. or other applicable export or import laws.
9. CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Yahoo Services. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services, you grant Yahoo the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
a. With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Yahoo Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Yahoo Services solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific Yahoo Group to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Yahoo Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Yahoo removes such Content from the Yahoo Services.
b. With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services other than Yahoo Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Yahoo Services solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Yahoo Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Yahoo removes such Content from the Yahoo Services.
c. With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services other than Yahoo Groups, the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Yahoo Services are those areas of the Yahoo network of properties that are intended by Yahoo to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services would include Yahoo Message Boards and portions of Yahoo Groups and Flickr that are open to both members and visitors. However, publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services would not include portions of Yahoo Groups that are limited to members, Yahoo services intended for private communication such as Yahoo Mail or Yahoo Messenger, or areas off of the Yahoo network of properties such as portions of World Wide Web sites that are accessible via hypertext or other links but are not hosted or served by Yahoo.
10. CONTRIBUTIONS TO YAHOO
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ("Contributions") to Yahoo through its suggestion or feedback webpages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (b) Yahoo is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (c) Yahoo shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) Yahoo may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (e) your Contributions automatically become the property of Yahoo without any obligation of Yahoo to you; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Yahoo under any circumstances.
11. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Yahoo and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit, modify or otherwise make available through the Yahoo Services, your use of the Yahoo Services, your connection to the Yahoo Services, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
12. NO COMMERCIAL REUSE OF YAHOO SERVICES
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Yahoo Services (including Content, advertisements, Software and your Yahoo ID).
13. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that Yahoo may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Yahoo Services, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Yahoo Services, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Yahoo Services, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Yahoo Services, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Yahoo's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Yahoo Services in a given period of time. You agree that Yahoo has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Yahoo Services. You acknowledge that Yahoo reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Yahoo reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
Yahoo Messenger, including any web-based versions, will allow you and the people with whom you communicate to save your conversations in your Yahoo accounts located on Yahoo servers. This means you can access and search your message history from any computer with access to the internet. Whether or not you use this feature, other users may choose to use it to save conversations with you in their account on Yahoo too. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your consent to allow Yahoo to store these communications on its servers.
14. MODIFICATIONS TO YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Yahoo shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof).
15. TERMINATION
You may terminate your Yahoo account, any associated email address and access to the Yahoo Services by submitting such termination request to Yahoo.
You agree that Yahoo may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, limit your access to or suspend your Yahoo account, any associated email address, and access to the Yahoo Services. Cause for such termination, limitation of access or suspension shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b)requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) discontinuance or material modification to the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof), (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (e) extended periods of inactivity, (f) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Yahoo Services. Further, you agree that all terminations, limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in Yahoo's sole discretion and that Yahoo shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Yahoo Services.
Termination of your Yahoo account includes any or all of the following: (a) removal of access to all or part of the offerings within the Yahoo Services, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring of further use of all or part of the Yahoo Services.
16. DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Yahoo Services, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that Yahoo shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Yahoo Services.
17. LINKS
The Yahoo Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Yahoo is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Yahoo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
18. YAHOO'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the Yahoo Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Yahoo Services ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in advertisements or information presented to you through the Yahoo Services or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or as authorized by Yahoo or the applicable licensor (such as an advertiser), you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform or create derivative works based on the Yahoo Services, such Content or the Software, in whole or in part.
Yahoo grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Yahoo Services. You agree not to access the Yahoo Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Yahoo for use in accessing the Yahoo Services.
19. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
a. YOUR USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE YAHOO SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
b. YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
c. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, INTERNET ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR DISPLAY DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
d. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM YAHOO OR THROUGH OR FROM THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
e. A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF USERS MAY EXPERIENCE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES WHEN EXPOSED TO CERTAIN LIGHT PATTERNS OR BACKGROUNDS ON A COMPUTER SCREEN OR WHILE USING THE YAHOO SERVICE. CERTAIN CONDITIONS MAY INDUCE PREVIOUSLY UNDETECTED EPILEPTIC SYMPTOMS EVEN IN USERS WHO HAVE NO HISTORY OF PRIOR SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. IF YOU, OR ANYONE IN YOUR FAMILY, HAVE AN EPILEPTIC CONDITION, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN PRIOR TO USING THE YAHOO SERVICE. IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES AND CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING SYMPTOMS WHILE USING THE YAHOO SERVICE: DIZZINESS, ALTERED VISION, EYE OR MUSCLE TWITCHES, LOSS OF AWARENESS, DISORIENTATION, ANY INVOLUNTARY MOVEMENT, OR CONVULSIONS.
20. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF YAHOO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE YAHOO SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE YAHOO SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE YAHOO SERVICE.
21. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 19 AND 20 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
22. SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR YAHOO SERVICES RELATING TO FINANCIAL MATTERS
If you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts or other information from the Yahoo Services concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or securities, please read the above Sections 19 and 20 again. They go doubly for you. In addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase "Let the investor beware" is apt. The Yahoo Services is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Yahoo Services is intended for trading or investing purposes. Yahoo and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Yahoo Services, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on such information.
23. NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.
24. NOTICE
Yahoo may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the TOS, including by but not limited to email, regular mail, SMS, MMS, text message, postings on the Yahoo Services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed. Such notices may not be received if you violate this TOS by accessing the Yahoo Services in an unauthorized manner. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your agreement that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the Yahoo Services in an authorized manner.
25. TRADEMARK INFORMATION
You agree that all of Yahoo’s trademarks, trade names, service marks and other Yahoo logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of Yahoo! Inc. (the "Yahoo Marks"). Without Yahoo's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the Yahoo Marks.
26. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
Yahoo respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Yahoo may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Yahoo's Copyright Agent the following information:
a. an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
b. a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
c. a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
d. your address, telephone number, and email address;
e. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
f. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Yahoo's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail: Copyright Agent c/o Yahoo! Inc. 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94089
By phone: (408) 349-5080 By fax: (408) 349-7821
By email: copyright@yahoo-inc.com
27. CLOSED CAPTIONING
Yahoo complies with applicable Federal Communications Commission rules and regulations regarding the closed captioning of video content. Please visit https://info.yahoo.com/legal/us/en/yahoo/cc/index.htm for more information or to register any concerns or complaints regarding video content accessible on the Yahoo network of properties.
28. GENERAL INFORMATION
Entire Agreement. The TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you and Yahoo and governs your use of the Yahoo Services, superseding any prior version of this TOS between you and Yahoo with respect to the Yahoo Services. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Yahoo services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.
Choice of Law and Forum. You and Yahoo each agree that the TOS and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions and that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the TOS, or the relationship between you and Yahoo, shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of Santa Clara, California or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. You and Yahoo agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California or the Northern District of California, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of Yahoo to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect.
No Right of Survivorship and Non-Transferability. You agree that your Yahoo account is non-transferable and any rights to your Yahoo ID or contents within your account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all contents therein permanently deleted.
Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Yahoo Services or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
29. VIOLATIONS
Please report any violations of the TOS to our Customer Care group.
Last updated March 16, 2012


--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/legal/us/en/yahoo/cc/index.htm
We make the world's daily habits inspiring and entertaining.
See the weather like never before - only Yahoo Weather combines stunning photos with the most accurate forecasts.

Read, respond to and organize your messages quickly, whether you're at home or on the go.

Share your photos in brilliant, full resolution from anywhere to any device and anyone.

Access your email accounts, calendars, stock portfolio, sports scoreboard, weather, Flickr, and of course your favorite content — from Yahoo and around the Web.

Follow the world's creators. Share photos, video, quotes, chats, links, and text.
Read the latest breaking news and interesting articles and see what's trending now on the internet.
"Companies with the best talent win." -- Marissa Mayer, CEO
Yahoo is focused on making the world's daily habits inspiring and entertaining - whether you're searching the web, emailing friends, sharing photos with family, or simply checking the weather, sports scores or stock quotes.
By Assaf Kremer, Product Manager Today, we’re launching a new login history page to ensure that ourusers have full...
By Susan Kittenplan, VP & Executive Editor, New Media Initiatives Spring is here, although it doesn’t quite...
By Matthew Wee, Senior Product Manager, Mobile We recently gave the Yahoo app on iPhone a new look and we’ve heard...

--URL: http://www.yahoo.com
An endless stream of personalized news
You love surprises on a day like today, even if your plans fall apart. Change is so exhilarating that you don't really care what happens next as long as you are in charge. However, it's wise to consider a gentler approach to life because you could scare others away with your overzealous attitude. Nevertheless, communicator Mercury's hook-up with innovative Uranus enables you to be brilliant if you don't push too hard. Thankfully, you can still get what you need without offending anyone if you just stop and consider all of the ramifications before jumping in. Get Your Complete Cosmic Profile
The Better Business Bureau recommends the company stop the popular campaign after receiving a Comcast complaint.  'Disparages' »
When Kate Upton showcased her "Cat Daddy" moves in a barely-there bikini, she was really hoping she was dancing with no one watching. PHOTOS: Kate Upton's Barely-There Bikinis Back in 2012, infamous celebrity photographer Terry Richardson released a video of the supermodel's provocative dancing,…
Why did no one tell drivers about this? If you're currently insured and drive less than 35 miles per day, then you better read this.
DETROIT (AP) — A Detroit mother charged with killing two of her children was removed Wednesday from court after confronting the father of one of her living children during a parental rights termination hearing.
Working at Apple is a dream job for some but a nightmare for others, particularly those who value having free time. Via Business Insider, an ex-Apple employee named Ben Farrell recently quit his job at the company and penned a not-too-happy blog post about what it’s really like to work for the…
Paul Kennedy couldn’t believe what his sonar showed him March 7: what looked like a debris field on the floor of the Indian Ocean. It’s Flight 370, he thought -- the Malaysia Airlines plane that had vanished 364 days earlier. Satellite Internet on the search vessels was cut off to prevent the news…
Crystal is a girl when at home with her mother. The child (whose last name and hometown is unknown) was biologically born a male named Cole but also lives as a girl named Crystal. The child’s mother Joy (who refers to her child as “she”) tells filmmaker Theroux, “And it’s difficult because at…
Truly Living Well has been able to grow and sell quality food, as well as create jobs for their urban farm locations.
Paris Hilton was all shimmer and shine on the red carpet for the opening of the Charbel Zoe Haute Couture Los Angeles flagship store Tuesday night. The 34-year-old donned a silver and sheer gown by Charbel Zoe to the opening of the designer's sho...
Gary Harrington of Eagle Point, Ore., says he plans to appeal his conviction in Jackson County (Ore.) Circuit Court on nine misdemeanor charges under a 1925 law for having what state water managers called “three illegal reservoirs” on his property – and for filling the reservoirs with rainwater and…
Singer-songwriter Barry Manilow has married his longtime manager Garry Kief, Us Weekly can confirm
A Democratic U.S. senator on Wednesday offered an amendment to a an Iran nuclear bill that would remove the measure's tie to Iranian-sponsored terrorism, a change that could attract more support for the legislation from his party. Despite President Barack Obama's threat to veto the bill due to…
16 U.S. Intelligence Agencies have begun to prepare for World War III. The ground zero location for this conflict makes this interview a must-see...
Linda Hogan is listing her 24-acre Simi Valley estate, which has a gym (and tanning bed) in a turret, an avocado orchard, a private lake, and a Jacuzzi grotto behind a pool waterfall. She's asking $5.5 million.
It's a chilling moment: A message appears on a computer screen, saying the files are encrypted and the only way to access them is by paying a ransom. It happened at Jeff Salter's home health care business ...
Tiger Woods typically skips the Wednesday Par 3 Contest tradition at Augusta National. But he had a couple of reasons to play this year. One is named Sam. The other is Charlie. Woods said his daughter and son would be caddying for him Wednesday afternoon. The golfers' families will be out on the…
President Obama goes off script on 'less-than-loving' views
Why did no one tell drivers about this? If you're currently insured and drive a car, you better read this.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) — the largest...
A decade and two daughters later, infamous former teacher Mary Kay Letourneau and her student-turned-lover-turned-husband Vili Fualaau are still going strong. The controversial couple recently sat down with Barbara Walters for an exclusive interview airing on 20/20 Friday, in which they're set to…
The first time Terry Richardson photographed Kate Upton in his apartment also wasn't the last. In fact, the fashion photographer and supermodel don't have any beef (Richardson even says "Kate was born a star"), and he's since done another photo shoot with Upton. Richardson filmed it then uploaded…
Mankiller, the first woman to be elected chief of a major American Indian tribe, is one of four finalists chosen by the campaign W20, whose goal is to present the White House with a woman candidate to replace Andrew Jackson on the paper currency. Mankiller's honorary nomination is significant…
These are some of the weirdest, lesser-known animals that you probably weren't expecting to be roaming the planet.
RT @AFP: Aisha Buhari: a new style of First Lady in Nigeria? u.afp.com/Czq
Nearly 1,000 gang members and associates from 239 different gangs were arrested across the United States in an operation headed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, the agency said on Wednesday. The sweep, dubbed "Project Wildfire" and led by ICE's Homeland Security Investigations unit,…
This might be a fairly specific scenario, but if you own an Xbox One and are on the fence about signing up for a cable subscription, Microsoft might have just made the decision for you. On Wednesday, the Xbox team announced that it would be bringing over-the-air TV functionality to Xbox One owners…

--URL: https://www.yahoo.com/tech/s/xbox-one-become-every-cord-cutter-dream-console-194502291.html
Javascript needs to be enabled in your browser to use Yahoo Tech.
Here’s how to turn it on: https://help.yahoo.com/kb/enable-javascript-browser-sln1648.html
Xbox One TV Tuner
This might be a fairly specific scenario, but if you own an Xbox One and are on the fence about signing up for a cable subscription, Microsoft might have just made the decision for you. On Wednesday, the Xbox team announced that it would be bringing over-the-air TV functionality to Xbox One owners in the United States and Canada.
WATCH: Use these tricks to charge your iPhone 6 battery as fast as possible 
“Starting today, members of the Xbox One preview program in the U.S. and Canada can get over-the-air TV by purchasing the Hauppauge WinTV-955Q (MSRP $79.99 at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and Micro Center), and an HDTV antenna,” writes the Xbox team.
In the coming months, Microsoft plans to partner with Hauppauge to bring a more affordable $59.99 tuner to market as well. It’s not exactly a cheap alternative to simply avoiding cable altogether, but the additional features might be enough to sway some users:
Before you start shopping, be sure to visit gomohu.com/xbox and enter your address to see which channels you’ll be able to pick up with a tuner. Depending on where you live, there might not be enough channels to make this a worthwhile investment.
If you’re intrigued by the notion of your Xbox One turning into a makeshift cable box of sorts, watch Major Nelson’s instructional video below:

More from BGR: Gameboy add-on for the iPhone may soon be a reality
This article was originally published on BGR.com

--URL: http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/details.html
Terms and Privacy
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Center -- take a look around. You'll learn how Yahoo treats your personal information, along with ways to control your preferences and settings. As always, Yahoo is committed to gaining your trust.
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.
This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own, preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page.
Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union. To view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site. For more information about Yahoo's participation in the Safe Harbor program, please visit our Safe Harbor details page.
Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo, when you use Yahoo products or services, when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.
Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Yahoo cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.
Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy on Yahoo.
Yahoo does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.
Yahoo works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business. For more information regarding providers of products or services that you've requested please read our detailed reference links.
Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer. We may also set and access device identifiers which could include IP address, user agent information (browser version, OS type and version), and device provided identifiers. Once you log into Yahoo on your device, Yahoo may recognize your device to provide you with a personalized experience, independent of your device settings. You can control your personalized experience across Yahoo through our Ad Interest Manager. Learn more.
Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies and device identifiers is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo's cookies.
Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services.
You can edit your Yahoo Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. You can also modify information you have provided to Yahoo through the Yahoo products or services you may use.
New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter, that are considered part of your Yahoo account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page. Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
To learn more about security, including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take, please read Security at Yahoo.
Yahoo may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:
Yahoo! Inc. Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94089 (408) 349-5070
If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance.
Last Updated: September 25, 2014
By bringing content and advertising to you that is relevant and tailored to your interests, Yahoo provides a more compelling online experience. Learn More about relevant advertising. Manage your interest-based categories, or opt-out of all categories, from the Yahoo! Ad Interest Manager.




--URL: http://safely.yahoo.com/
Terms and Privacy
More

Vote
See results


--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/legal/nz/yahoo/utos/en-nz/

--URL: http://help.yahoo.com/l/nz/yahooxtra/copyright/general.html
Terms and Privacy

--URL: http://nz.safely.yahoo.com/
Check out the full slate of activities for Safer Internet Day
Improve your digital security on all of your devices
Learn how to create a good password, avoid scammers, and more
Who spends the most time online in your family?
See results
This poll is expired

Do you spend more time on your phone or on the computer?
See results
3 months remaining


--URL: https://yahoo.uservoice.com/forums/182052-nz-safely

Enter your idea and we'll search to see if someone has already suggested it.
If a similar idea already exists, you can support and comment on it.
If it doesn't exist, you can post your idea so others can support it.
Enter your idea and we'll search to see if someone has already suggested it.
http://nz.lifestyle.yahoo.com/new-idea/real-life/article/-/8646060/david-bain-my-quest-for-love-and-a-normal-life/
It's not like they are exactly flattering to the website or even a good advertisement for your site and New Idea itself? Not only that but creating a great article but allowing people to persecute someone who has been found not guilty is about the tops. Talk about insensitive and a website that lacks control over its content... its sick.
Account Information
Dear Customer,
This is for your own safety to avoid your account closed,you will have to verify your account by Click Here. We apologies for any inconvenience.
Thank you Yahoo! Mail
New and returning users may sign in
No results.
Yahoo · Terms of Service · Feedback Posting Guidelines · Privacy Policy

--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/
To learn more about how each Yahoo property across the globe treats your information, please choose your Yahoo web site from the following list of Yahoo privacy policies.

--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/legal/

--URL: http://help.yahoo.com/security/
Terms and Privacy

--URL: https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/tw/yahoo/

--URL: http://tw.info.yahoo.com/legal/utos.html

--URL: http://tw.info.yahoo.com/legal/anti_spam.html






--URL: http://tw.rd.yahoo.com/referurl/central/f/tos/*http://tw.yahoo.com/
她侍寢守空房？竟因
勞乃慧：社會要還我們家公道
勞則康傳出少將退伍後，1999年就在大陸開公司
軍方將修法，1年大過2次以上退伍者，減少發放退休金
求德妃幫忙，約如意相見，不料兩人飲酒後，
豪哥受傷坐板凳 湖人又敗了
改版變速球首戰的擾敵效果不錯，也讓對手揮空兩球，但要升級到解決打者的對決球，還有不小努力空間 ...
老虎11比0完封雙城締造百年來隊史首見的紀錄；但憂的是先發投手Justin Verlander、終結者Joe Nathan雙雙進入傷兵名單。
未能達到先發5局的勝投基本門檻。金鶯最後以6比5贏得開季2連勝，殷仔卻創開季首戰4連不勝與最短局數紀錄。
90後美女 靠「翻白眼」爆紅
網友製作了「懶人包」，把整部戲3000分鐘給濃縮，點閱率高達60萬人次
以清新氣質著名的張鈞甯，在「武媚娘」中首次轉型演反派
後宮佳麗為了爭得寵愛，無不用盡心機，哪個是你最討厭的
全民瘋！你今天阿帕契了嗎
有的乘客一上飛機馬上就脫鞋，翹著光腳丫讓一旁的
一名婦女吃生蠔時被硬物卡到牙齒，吐出來一看竟然是珍珠
無論是Chanel、Dior還是miumiu，都推出過條紋款
想瘦～這3樣吃的千萬別碰
百姓傻眼～北市聯開宅平均貴周邊1成以上，月薪6萬元
不說不知道～喝500ml市售瓶裝柳橙汁相當吃下10顆
怕腥味太重？老師教簡單一招，有效快去臭腥味原來只要
爆祕辛！螢幕情侶演出來的
榮獲亞太影展最佳導演獎的日本電影「奇蹟」，描述2個
看鄭容和與朴信惠談起純真戀愛，韓劇「你為我著迷」是網友
吳奇隆和劉詩詩的定情之作「步步驚心」，改編自暢銷小說
「阿帕契姊」李蒨蓉濫用特權，無知又白目引發強烈輿論攻擊，曾任「空軍一號」空服員的金友莊，也忍不住跳出來發言，怒批「炫富」、「不識字」！
78%OFF, from $3.99 sale. 30-Day Returns + Free Gifts
記者阮馨儀／台北報導
【時報-台北電】24歲的方志友未婚懷孕４個月的消息曝光後，她與楊銘威８日同時在臉書Po文，感謝外界關心及祝福；在他們訂情作《愛上兩個我》中合作的炎亞綸、李毓芬，也獻上祝福，炎亞綸笑說：「當時完全沒發現『異狀』。」 　方志友昨透過經紀人表示，現在還不知道胎兒性別，「兒子、女兒都喜歡。」懷孕初期沒害喜，不過拍戲容易累，昨《我的寶貝四千金》殺青，接下來會好好待產；兩人目前還沒登記結婚，生完才辦婚宴。 　兩人好友則說，「方志友懷孕是意外」，不僅長輩震驚，小兩口也嚇到。由於方的父親已過世，由媽媽照顧她，並叮嚀她得注意身體；楊銘威的爸爸則說，方志友常到自己開設的小籠包餐廳吃飯，兩家人早已熟識，婚宴由年輕人決定。 ...
黑色是時尚最愛色，內搭條紋上衣，就能讓整體感更加突出，而寬管褲更是春夏指標首選。by潮小編
▲(示意圖／達志影像／美聯社)別以為生在富裕家庭就沒煩惱！香港發生一起墜樓案，死者是一名15歲的少女，她雖然生活無虞，英國籍的爸爸又是跨國公司的高層 ...
夏日即將來臨 來到養生涼拌菜 木耳零膽固醇是對心臟血管有益處的蔬菜 又能增加飽足感多食有益 但因木耳是無味道的蔬食 所以當以木耳為主菜時 調味需加重所以我選用了客家白醋精 再炎炎夏日 真是開味又養生的簡易好料理
中天《麻辣同學會》主持群謝祖武、陳德烈、杜詩梅與潘若迪日前上《SS小燕之夜》錄影，另一位主持人沈玉琳，當天因老婆生產缺席，少了一個人反而讓謝祖武成為箭靶，大夥集中火力猛吐他的槽
記者阮馨儀／台北報導
記者阮馨儀／台北報導
【時報-台北電】李蒨蓉「阿帕契」事件引爆鄉民仇富氛圍，演藝圈聞「貴婦」色變，Melody曾出《翻滾吧！貴婦》一書，老公吳育奇有上億身家，「貴婦」形象鮮明，經紀人說：「她書中強調的是每個女生都該當自己的貴婦。」不擔心淪箭靶。 　Melody主持廣播常分享好吃、好玩，讓人覺得很好命，但她曾在書中提到：「東西不是貴就好，聰明消費才是關鍵。」認為自己為婚姻付出努力，不比平凡家庭主婦少。 　有些女生嚮往豪門，她認為「好門」更重要，相愛更勝財富；她鼓勵女生把生活過好，「在能力許可範圍內，對自己好一點，每個女人都可以是貴婦！」 ...
台北市一名砂石業小開的人妻，自認婚姻不幸福，向男性友人訴苦，沒想到兩人談出婚外情，日前人妻開著丈夫的名車載小王上摩鐵，妻子順手拿走摩鐵的梳子 ...
第5集中，鄭婉言侍寢守空房，如意確以真性情擄獲陛下的心，但也同時讓鄭婉言起了妒忌之情，在鴛鴦鴆壺藏毒酒...
任選69折★【顯瘦衣褲單品～BOBO】
買1送1★【韓風新品美鞋～阿拉少女】
2件399★【寶貝服早鳥搶購～Baby】
免運★【背靠大座椅磁控健身車～好動網】
49折★【第五代超涼爽舒眠冷凝墊】
免運★【韓國進口saki芒果汁30入】
2件690★【夏之戀～精選比基尼】
現省50★【杜蕾斯超薄裝18入～屈臣氏】
任選399★【早春美鞋專區～娜塔莉】
2件299【春夏必搭帽款～KoreaQ】
送愛到部落★【胚芽提拉米蘇蛋糕～愛食網】
2件489★【完美胸型內衣～Qmomo】
2入349★【小布娃娃泡泡染髮劑】
任選6折★【質感多尺吋行李箱～超安心】
2件798★【BOBSON男女短袖上衣】
買1送1★【韓風女裝專區～娜塔莉】
任選369★【春季新品鞋款～鵲兒】
6入999★【橘子工坊洗衣精】
免運★【Kipling品牌包任選】
免運★【繽紛馬卡龍超輕量電子錶】
三件870★【胸湧美型內衣任3件～ES】

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/
Pablo Poncini 英俊、熱情，大學廣告系畢業的那年就找到撰文工作，26 年後已是全球第七大廣告公司 TBWA 在全球第 13 大廣告市場阿根廷分公司的執行長和創意長...more
來自 Yahoo, Flurry 的 Simon Khalaf的觀察：改變媒體使用習慣的電子產品...more
舉辦線上講座、線下活動時，常常會遇到類似的問題：要怎麼做，才能利用電子報讓我的客戶知道...more
大金R32冷媒的技術很卓越，要如何能用淺顯易懂的方式傳達給消費者，是此次最大的難題和重點...more


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/2

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/55

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/5

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/29

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/49

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/14

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/label/45

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A06/B02


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A06/B05
網路使用者比例分析

Yahoo!奇摩與整體網路使用者的輪廓相近 25~54歲為Yahoo!奇摩的使用者主力 高學歷為Yahoo!奇摩使用者的特色  



--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A06/B04
網路媒體新勢力

到達率最廣 使用人數最多 超高黏度 深入使用的媒體 上網首站設定最佳選擇  



--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A06/B01
網路媒體新趨勢

網路媒體市場現況 網路已成為三大主要媒體之一 您的廣告預算還在電視上嗎？ 您的廣告預算還在報紙上嗎？ 您的廣告預算還在雜誌上嗎？ 您的廣告預算是否發揮了最大的效益？  



--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B07

--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B06


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B05


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03/C09


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03/C08


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03/C05


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03/C03


--URL: https://marketing.tw.campaign.yahoo.net/emarketing/main/A03/B03/C02


--URL: https://tw.safely.yahoo.com/
2015 年 2 月 10 日是網路安全日！思考本年度主題時，請謹記這些有關網路聲譽和青少年行 動安全的文章：「讓我們一同打造更美好的網路環境。」 詳全文 »2015 年網路安全日
提供家長協助小孩瞭解隱私權重要性的建議、保護隱私權的提示，以及 10 種可能洩漏隱私權的方式。 詳全文 »保護個人線上隱私權
幫助青少年保護線上個人資訊的提示，包括採用隱私權設定、留意自己的朋友、以及管理個人數位名譽。 詳全文 »保護您的線上隱私權
你家裡誰在線上的時間最多?
投票結果
此票選活動已到期


--URL: https://yahoo.uservoice.com/forums/182055-tw-safely

輸入你的建議，我們將搜尋看看是否已經有人提出。
如果有類似的想法已經存在，可以支持和評論。
如果它不存在，你可以發表你的想法，以便其他人可以支持它。
輸入你的建議，我們將搜尋看看是否已經有人提出。
新首頁超爛，要登出超困難:之前只要滑鼠移至帳號處就可輕易登出，現在怎麼滑都滑不出去。
貴公司未經個人許可，把個人的暱稱變成個人的本名，是否已經違反個資法？為什麼完全找不到可以處理的管道？難不成一定要報警，貴公司才會出面處理？
我的帳號很久很久以前就申請了...所以都是數字,但最近要登入時都無法直接打帳號,會跳到搜尋電話號碼,造成我很大的困擾,有改善的方法嗎?
奇摩首頁設計沒以前清晰，而且氣象標注地點一直顯示台北，設定完台中後看完其他網頁後，回到首頁又顯現台北的溫度，沒辦法固定在其他的地點，而舊的奇摩氣象頁面只要設定好地點，開機打開後都不會變，這次的改版排列沒有以前的/ 清晰 /好找 /好看 /漂亮一目了然。 希望頁面能改完美又好用，謝謝這是個人的感觀。
強制被換新首頁後，信箱收信主旨變亂碼..電腦送修回來想變更密碼卻出現英文頁面
我長期看你們的新聞版，但我最近發現親中人士有點刻意滲透，按贊跟發言傾向明顯與國內真實民調（投票）有很大的差異，希望貴公司秉持正確思考的價值觀，將刻意統獨的言論，或是與台灣民意相差甚遠的發言來源審慎管理！台灣是民主的燈塔，不應該有太多偏激的言論，在自由開放的架構下，還是應該堅持中華民國的存在精神。
你們YAHOO的白目系統誰規劃的~眼睛是長在頭頂上嗎 是哪個蠢蛋想出來的餿主意1!! 密碼規則搞到連本人都無法登入 幾乎常用忘記密碼功能...
吃人的想关闭你们公司并吃掉科技人， 亡国亡党了，救人救自己，害人害自己，绳之以法捆绑仰卧供水监控养生 世上无难事，彭祖八百岁，成年了整年不吃不老长生不难， 仰卧，民以天为食，春节一日吃水果坚果和能吃的树叶，吃食物有物理化学反应改变自己，越吃越老越病，不听老人言，吃亏在眼前，好汗不吃眼前亏，不吃不吃亏， 贪污腐化贪吃别人的细菌提前尸体腐败尸体化掉人的肉体，贪吃别人身体贪霸占别人财物贪霸占别人房屋的周永康吃了四千多警察，打吃人老虎的会议上全是部里警司，吃人老虎吃人警察女警拦截并刺了习近平心脑，亡国亡党了，警司踢死习近平，郭声昆吃了习近平三天三夜在人民大会堂勒死习近平，戴习近平面具，政协礼堂里贾庆林身边很不自由五年了，科技人员被吃很多年了,来得及杀你， 吃人吃上瘾了死不悔改铁石心肠大小通吃，张万年被勒死了，亡国亡党了，女警刺了习近平心脏，士兵被杀被吃被换了，枪毙公安部吃人警察，禁止吃别人避免有更多受害者，殃及子孙后代， 郭声昆吃人吃上瘾了吃了二百多人，共产党装死才是真的共产党死亡共产党刘金国吃了一百多人贪吃鬼，华国锋计划生育杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁陪葬早亡短命不可一试不可一世， 部队对外不对内不救国外人也不救国内人，部队不救人断子绝孙部队亡国亡党亡军了，军人退伍退休同样要有安全，中国男人让女人怀孕却不让生下的孩子要流产引产伤害母亲却没有新生命诞生没有未来新人帮忙，中国男人傻瓜垃圾精子垃圾胎儿因为中国男人是垃圾，计划生育不要生二胎不要受精卵不要精子了，阉割所有中国政府男人，包括阉割同样有政府公务员待遇的中国军人，阉割中国军人，计划生育违法犯罪国策非人策三十多年杀了三千多万中国人民了， 计划生育华国锋杀人吃人国策非人民政策属非法国策,华国锋计划生育杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁死了陪葬早亡短命，贪吃鬼短命鬼自己杀自己，禁止吃别人，华国锋和周永康郭声昆等刺杀了毛主席周恩来彭德怀等十大元帅和赵紫阳胡耀邦等,并吃了杨尚昆和企业和政府科技人员,吃人族吃人上瘾死不悔改，要改正错误，妄想， 龙潭虎穴是龙的传人的血液游泳池被吃人族吃人老虎吃别人是非常凶险的人吃别人的公安部门，
母亲生下孩子才不非常疼痛，胎儿不能继续留在母亲肚子也不能留在别人肚子里也不能把别人留在自己肚子里不能吃别人，否则人吃别人堆积细胞脂肪细菌得艾滋病癌肿瘤心脏病陪葬早亡短命不可一试不可一世，人和人是分开的，双手左右手是分开的，不能左右手二合一拼成一只手，车子和车子是分开的，否则车撞车成车祸，飞机和飞机是分开的，恐龙地球和现代地球以前是分开的，但恐龙地球和现代地球相撞恐龙全灭绝了，华国锋计划生育杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁陪葬早亡短命，禁止吃别人，避免加重病情，科技公司被吃很多年了没人救，
彭祖八百岁，整年不吃，春节一日吃水果,民以天为食,仰卧,民以天为食,吃天上自然掉能吃的水果坚果，不从外面破坏自己，不从里面破坏自己，吃食物有物理化学反应改变自己，越吃越老越生病,骄傲做人，做好自己，世上无难事成年了整年不吃不病不老长生不难，保持健康保留自己，闭关自守，自力更生，团结互助，出地球保护地球需要人，每人都有独立完整的细胞基因，人吃自己的同类堆积细胞脂肪细菌得心脏病艾滋病癌肿瘤做魔鬼短命蛇堆蛇,计划生育华国锋杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁陪葬早亡短命，好样的，要保持，keep be good be god 不食人间烟火做神仙，地球无罪，植物无罪，新生儿无罪,要废除计划生育，杀胎杀人吃人国策非人民政策在一直公开违法犯罪
吃.人老.虎吃人警.察女警拦截并刺了习近.平心脑，亡.国亡.党了，警.司踢死习近.平，郭声.昆在人民大会堂勒死习近平，戴习近.平面具，政,协礼堂里贾.庆.林身边很不自由五年了，科技人员被.吃很多年了，贾庆林早就冒充了，被勒被吃了，市政府局里部里血液游泳池血雨腥风工作人员述职和新员前赴后继被吃， 水是生命之源，天将降大任于斯人也，必先苦其心智，劳其筋骨，饿其体肤，空乏其身， 计划生育华国锋杀胎吃胎87岁死了活不到一百岁短命鬼贪吃死人贪吃鬼短命鬼，杀人吃人国策非人民政策属非法国策, 华国锋计划生育杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁死了陪葬早亡短命，贪吃鬼短命鬼自己杀自己，禁止吃别人，废除计划生育杀胎吃胎违法犯罪政策，计划生育要死不要生不要精子了，阉割中国政府所有男人，阉割计划生育； 骄傲做人，做好自己，相信自己，独善其身，自力更生，团结互助不艰难，出地球保护地球需要人，需要电脑软件需要高科技需要宇宙帮助， 以不变应万变，否则物是人非，不食人间烟火做神仙长生不老， 每天吃植物长命百岁做凡人， 人吃别人堆积细胞脂肪细菌垃圾桶陪葬早亡短命不可一试不可一世，有世代五代近亲吃别人的家庭郴州其朱家子孙越来越短命但很有钱不很在乎钱因为长期霸占别人身体霸占别人房屋霸占别人财物，其亲弟弟十几岁病死，其母亲得癌肿瘤服毒自杀死，他不到三十岁他家里其他人全死光了，吃人族不管子孙后代也不在乎子孙后代，有浪子回头金不换，中国有五千多年不老长生历史，也有三千多年人从纣王时期起人吃人历史，人吃别人一意孤行其体内大量多倍铁和矿物质压死其细胞所以矮肿留在身体里面是艾滋病矮肿瘤心脏病陪葬早亡短命，所以有姚贝娜33岁乳腺癌死，麦当劳经理在澳大利亚44岁得癌死，麦当劳董事长61岁死了，计划生育杀胎吃胎人吃别人造反要死不要生自杀人定胜天赢得死亡，刘金国共产党装死亡才是真的共产党很长时间集中一体集体主义了，华国锋计划生育杀胎吃胎得癌肿瘤87岁病故短命，人不到一百岁死短命早亡不可一试不可一世，放下屠刀，立地成佛，古时有佛教育救人不杀生，所以有狼子回头金不换，狼人和尚从小自幼多病，和尚们和济公很容易化缘筹到善款修金佛建庙宇，佛渡有缘人，回头是岸，出生入死，生出就能生活，刺入吃入就可能死，
希望能將所售之物品詳細拍照及說明.比如電視背面看不到後面面板插槽在側面還是背面,因如果要插電視棒,如果線太短會插不到,或如果不是在側面,不方便使用播放器等.而且沒有線上客服可以馬上詢問.以致往往點閱之後,沒信心購買而放棄
登入頁面的廣告 為什麼關不掉 很麻煩 可以改進嗎?
近日yahoo在網頁上放置過多垃圾廣告，比方"好時光行動配件"等，嚴重影響使用者登入自己的yahoo電子信箱，實在造成對yahoo整體的負面觀感，使用者使用起來一點也不friendly，敬請改善。
新的或重複使用者可: sign in
0 結果
Yahoo · 服務條款 · Feedback Posting Guidelines · 隱私權政策


--URL: https://yahoo.uservoice.com/admin/forums/182055-yahoo-%E5%A5%87%E6%91%A9%E5%AE%B6%E5%BA%AD%E7%B6%B2%E8%B7%AF%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8/suggestions/6653597-%E8%AB%8B%E5%8B%BF%E6%94%BE%E7%BD%AE%E9%81%8E%E5%A4%9A%E5%9E%83%E5%9C%BE%E5%BB%A3%E5%91%8A-%E5%BD%B1%E9%9F%BF%E7%99%BB%E5%85%A5%E9%9B%BB%E5%AD%90%E4%BF%A1%E7%AE%B1
More »
© 2015 UserVoice Inc. All rights reserved. - Need Help?

--URL: http://www.uservoice.com
Join the 160,000+ organizations in over 170 countries that have found a better way to listen to their users’ voices.
14 days free. No credit card required.
John Long UX Designer UserVoice
Engage Early Engage Often
rather than waiting for customers to come to you Learn more
Save Time Improve Service
with customer snapshot right in the ticket queue. Learn more
Reduce Support Requests
by helping customers to help themselves instantly. Learn more
Rescue At-risk Users Identify Promoters
by tying in-app ratings to product, support & ROI Learn more
Deploy Informed Products.
with insights backed by statistically significant data Learn more
Take a quick product tour
Users don’t want a portal or an email. They want answers. And quick. You want them to stay in your app. We’ve got you both covered.
You, and your users, deserve better than a mail link. Our native mobile SDKs are just the antidote. Install time measured in minutes.
Learn More
If you can copy-paste, you can install our easy-to-use but deceptively powerful widgets. Even with extensive customization you’ll be off and running in minutes.
Learn More
We’ve been making our customers (and their users) happy in over 43 languages.
User Love: How a Top 10 iOS and Android App Gets Great Reviews while Cutting Support Requests by 49% with In-App Support
Getting Up Close and Personal: How FullContact Increased Customer Interaction by 710%
Creating a Remarkable Customer Experience at Scale? Bing it on
Compare plans and pricing →
A one-day conference about keeping your customers (happy)!
Portland • June 26, 2015
Richard White, UserVoice
Chase Clemons, 37signals
Sarah Hatter, CoSupport
More videos →
Tour
Features
For Prospective Customers
For existing customers
The community for people that care about keeping their customers (happy)!
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: https://www.uservoice.com/jobs/
Imagine working on ideas you’re passionate about with people who inspire you. That’s UserVoice. We believe in working together to create great experiences, not just for our users and their customers, but for each other too. We’re here to grow, learn, laugh, take on new challenges, solve problems, and help each other. We work hard. We play hard. Sound like fun? We like you already!
Follow UserVoice on Twitter Friend UserVoice on Facebook Follow UserVoice on LinkedIn
Check out our values if you haven’t already. They’re the principles we live and work by every day, not because we have to but because that’s just the sort of people we are and with whom we like to spend our time.
You understand the value of good customer service, of course, but more importantly you’re interested in helping to transform it from a “service” to an experience that changes people’s lives for the better. Vive la Revolution!
We believe that helping you achieve your professional goals is important to your long-term happiness and success. We want you to learn from us, and us from you.
Here’s a peek and what you can expect from life at UserVoice:

A one-day conference about keeping your customers (happy)!
Portland • June 26, 2015
Richard White, UserVoice
Chase Clemons, 37signals
Sarah Hatter, CoSupport
More videos →
Tour
Features
For Prospective Customers
For existing customers
The community for people that care about keeping their customers (happy)!
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/careers/go-engineer/
We are looking for a Go engineer. We’re writing our next-gen API in Go, as well as starting to use it to process data and automate our infrastructure. That being said, a significant portion of our codebase is still in Ruby, so reading and writing Ruby is also going to be required.
Want to join our team? Awesome! All you need to do is email jobs+go@uservoice.com and tell us why you think you’d be a good fit. Include a resume and a link to your github profile.
This position is available in our offices in San Francisco or Raleigh. We are open to relocating you to either of those locations.
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: https://www.uservoice.com/plans/
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.
All plans include our 3 core product components: feedback forums, support tickets, and knowledge base—everything you need to keep customers happy.
Your discount will be applied when you select a plan to sign up for.
$15
per agent /mo
$20 month-to-month
Core tools for small but growing teams
+
Most popular
$45
per agent /mo
$55 month-to-month
Advanced tools for larger teams or multiple products
+
$85
per agent /mo
$95 month to month
Complete communication, content, and design control
+
View Full Feature List
Tour
Features
For Prospective Customers
For existing customers
The community for people that care about keeping their customers (happy)!
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/careers/interaction-designer/
UserVoice is looking for an experienced interaction designer to join our team. At UserVoice, you will investigate behavioral patterns, user flows, and explore various ways to address identified user needs. From this, you will work closely with visual designers and UI engineers to build interfaces for a variety of platforms, including web, mobile web, iOS, and Android.
We’re not looking for rock stars, ninjas, or unicorns, but if you have any of those mythical skills we’ll certainly let you unleash them. We’re looking for people with enough real-world experience (not just sweet Dribble mockups) to help push our team and product forward, and want to give you an opportunity to stretch and grow as well.
Want to join our team? Awesome! All you need to do is email jobs+interactiondesigner@uservoice.com and tell us why you think you’d be a good fit. Include a resume, links to some of your work, and tell us which of Dieter Rams’s ten principles for good design you find the most challenging (and why).
This position is available in our offices in San Francisco or Raleigh. We are open to relocating you to either of those locations.
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/careers/visual-designer/
UserVoice is looking for a skilled UI designer with a visual design background to work on the look and feel of our web and mobile application interfaces. At UserVoice, you will work closely with other designers and UI engineers to build interfaces for a variety of platforms, including web, mobile web, iOS, and Android. While we expect you have a general understanding of how the sausage is made (CSS, HTML, and JavaScript), it’s not necessary for you to write production code.
We’re not looking for rock stars, ninjas, or unicorns, but if you have any of those mythical skills we’ll certainly let you unleash them. We’re looking for people with enough real-world experience (not just sweet Dribble mockups) to help push our team and product forward, and want to give you an opportunity to stretch and grow as well.
Want to join our team? Awesome! All you need to do is email jobs+uidesigner@uservoice.com and tell us why you think you’d be a good fit. Include a resume, links to some of your work, and tell us which of Dieter Rams’s ten principles for good design you find the most challenging (and why).
This position is available in our offices in San Francisco or Raleigh. We are open to relocating you to either of those locations.
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/careers/
Imagine doing what you love with people who inspire you. That’s UserVoice. We believe in working together to create great experiences for our users and their customers. We’re here to grow, learn, laugh, take on new challenges, solve problems, and help each other. Sound like fun? We like you already!
San Francisco or Raleigh
San Francisco or Raleigh
UserVoice is looking for an experienced interaction designer to join our team. At UserVoice, you will investigate behavioral patterns, user flows, and explore various ways to address identified user needs. From this, you will work closely with visual designers and UI engineers to build interfaces for a variety of platforms, including web, mobile web, iOS, and Android.
San Francisco or Raleigh
San Francisco or Raleigh
The UserVoice Engineering team is a small team of developers and designers that build the software that powers UserVoice.com. We blog here about the technologies and projects that feed our passion.
Interested in joining our team? Check out our job openings.
We’re a motley crew of developers and designers that build software for people who make websites and applications. Our software helps organizations provide support for and solicite feedback on products they are building.
VP, Product
VP, Engineering
VP, TechOps
Designer
Front-end Developer
Lead Developer
Developer
Director of Quality Assurance
Developer
Designer
Developer
Developer
Lead Developer
Come work with us!
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice


--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/culture/
What we’ve written here we hold loosely. Our culture is a by-product of the people that work at UserVoice and it changes as we add new people to the team.
Customers won’t buy from a company they don’t trust. Employees won’t work hard for a company that doesn’t communicate with them. We are dedicated to building trust internally and externally. When we make a mistake, we come forward. When we don't know what to do or how to do it, we ask for help. We strive to build processes that make it easy for everyone to see the status of a project. When something is unclear, we work to make it clear. When we’re excited, we invite everyone to celebrate.
Great ideas don’t happen in a vacuum. The best things are born out of debate and collaboration. We value frank opinions and healthy disagreements. We’re comfortable with someone saying: “I think this is wrong” and we’re happy that our co-workers care enough to take the time to express their opinions. We know it’s easier not to give feedback − apathy is the real enemy. We don’t have time for personal attacks, beating around the bush, or office politics.
We’re not building ways to throw sheep or till virtual farms. We’re focused on solving real problems, and solving them well. This means understanding these issues, making sure our solutions actually help, and not letting our grand visions get in the way of actually launching things.
We’re proud of what we do at UserVoice. Getting this far hasn’t been easy. We each take responsibility for what we are building. If we break something, we fix it. We only hire people who are reliable. We’re a small team, so we choose our projects carefully (and automate or kill initiatives that aren’t moving forward). We practice continuous deployment which means every member of the engineering team can deploy at any time. We try to keep meetings short and sweet and try not to meet too often.
We believe work can be fun even when it’s not easy. We like it when someone makes us smile or laugh and we try to make room for unexpected fun any time in any place. It’s not unusual for us to play a game of Starcraft at the office or a chess game (or two). We like to do offsites when we can. The State Fair, paint ball, go-carts, and ball games all provide opportunities to get to know each other outside of work.
In the end, we want UserVoice to be a place that enriches our lives, not something that controls or replaces them. We aren’t a startup sweatshop. It’s important to be able to walk away from work at the end of the day. We have flexible hours so we can be there for the important moments in our families lives and we encourage vacation.
We believe that our process should be dictated by the people involved and our objectives. As such, we are constantly improving and changing the way we do things. Here’s how things work currently:
Engineers and designers (who code HTML/CSS/some JS) collaborate on projects here at UserVoice. Product managers don’t throw specs over the fence; rather, we work together on every phase of a project.
We believe that good tests help prevent bugs and make it easier to modify a codebase (particularly as it grows). Here are some things we try to keep in mind:
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/innovation/
We invented the Feedback Tabs you see across the internet and we haven’t stopped innovating since. It’s important that we lead the way through innovation. (Not to mention the fact that we love being awesome!) Here’s an overview of a few of the things we’ve worked on at UserVoice over the years.
Our dashboard: featuring new reporting and analytics engine
Android SDK
Next-gen widgets: Contact, SmartVote, & Satisfaction
iOS SDK
Ticketing system
UserVoice founded February 2008
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: https://eng.uservoice.com/stack/
UserVoice as a product is composed of a number of different interfaces and technologies. While many of these tools are used directly by our customers, some are never seen, yet play a significant role in how the product actually works.
Organizations that use UserVoice get a super cool admin interface where they can respond to tickets and ideas, view reports, and change settings. Support agents can spend up to 8 hours per day in here, so UX improvements go a long way towards making people’s lives better.
Tech: Our go-forward solution is single page app written in Angular, which talks to a super-fast Go API (see below).
Our widgets enable organizations to:
Tech: Vanilla JavaScript, Backbone.js
We collect a ton of data from our JavaScript API (used by our widgets). Our servers process from 2,000 to 6,000 requests per second. From this data we generate cool reports that help companies understand their customers and prioritize feedback.
Tech: Erlang, RabbitMQ, Riak, HyperLogLogs.
We’re working towards moving our new API to be powered by Go. So far the results are amazing: it’s blazingly fast and easy to develop. A fast language like Go lets us do some sweet analytics. Tests finish in seconds.
Tech: Go 1.3
Organizations that use UserVoice also get their own portal where their customers go to support ideas and look at knowledgebase articles. It is highly customizable via liquid templating and custom CSS.
Tech: Rails 4, Ruby 2.1.1, Liquid, jQuery, Memcached
One way for companies to use UserVoice on mobile platforms is to embed it inside of their apps with either the iOS SDK or Android SDK. Using an SDK, a company can allow their customers to get help and send feedback without resorting to sending in a bad App Store ratings.
Tech: Objective C, Java
We’ve created a simple translation site where anyone can work with us to submit translations for our UI. This allows our interface to support many languages by sourcing translations from volunteers.
Tech: Rails 4, FastGettext
UserVoice makes feedback and support tools to help organizations understand and support their users. We think caring for and retaining customers is big business.
© 2014 UserVoice

--URL: http://translate.uservoice.com/
[Skip navigation]
We love our international customers, and we've worked hard to get UserVoice translated into as many languages as possible. But there's always more work to be done.
This is a tool that allows you to provide new translations and improve existing translations. Simply choose the language and part of the product you want to translate, add the correct translation to the right of the string, and hit enter. We'll review and push any changes you make.
Thanks for your help making UserVoice available to as many people as possible.
Want to help out? Then check out this quick how-to video:
We want to make this process as easy as possible. If you have an suggestions on how it can be better please post them on our feedback forum. If you get stuck and need help just email us.
Copyright © 2010 UserVoice Inc. All rights reserved.

--URL: http://feedback.uservoice.com
We love your feedback and look forward to hearing from you. Our helpdesk includes a number of articles to get you started, and our feedback forums are a great place to post your ideas and vote up others. Please share your stories to help us build a product that best fits your needs.
49 ideas
1752 ideas
45 ideas
31 ideas
Completed Updated 04/07/15 · General feedback
Gathering feedback Updated 03/26/15 · General feedback
Gathering feedback Updated 03/26/15 · General feedback
New and returning users may sign in
No results.
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: https://www.uservoice.com/widget/
Support users and get feedback on your website and in your web apps
Already have a UserVoice account? Activate this feature
Compare plans and pricing →
“If a customer has any inclination to talk to us, we want them to be able find a way to do it. The UserVoice widget makes this as easy and open as could be.”
“Having a direct channel between users and developers has let us focus our efforts on features that users want to see most and allows us to deliver the highest quality customer service possible.”
A one-day conference about keeping your customers (happy)!
Portland • June 26, 2015
Richard White, UserVoice
Chase Clemons, 37signals
Sarah Hatter, CoSupport
More videos →
Tour
Features
For Prospective Customers
For existing customers
The community for people that care about keeping their customers (happy)!
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: http://app.uservoice.com/admin/clients
Forgot your site's address?
© 2015 UserVoice Inc. All rights reserved.

--URL: http://app.uservoice.com/forgot_site
We'll email you a list of UserVoice sites you have profiles on.
Still having trouble? Contact UserVoice support
© 2015 UserVoice Inc. All rights reserved.

--URL: http://uservoice.com
Join the 160,000+ organizations in over 170 countries that have found a better way to listen to their users’ voices.
14 days free. No credit card required.
John Long UX Designer UserVoice
Engage Early Engage Often
rather than waiting for customers to come to you Learn more
Save Time Improve Service
with customer snapshot right in the ticket queue. Learn more
Reduce Support Requests
by helping customers to help themselves instantly. Learn more
Rescue At-risk Users Identify Promoters
by tying in-app ratings to product, support & ROI Learn more
Deploy Informed Products.
with insights backed by statistically significant data Learn more
Take a quick product tour
Users don’t want a portal or an email. They want answers. And quick. You want them to stay in your app. We’ve got you both covered.
You, and your users, deserve better than a mail link. Our native mobile SDKs are just the antidote. Install time measured in minutes.
Learn More
If you can copy-paste, you can install our easy-to-use but deceptively powerful widgets. Even with extensive customization you’ll be off and running in minutes.
Learn More
We’ve been making our customers (and their users) happy in over 43 languages.
User Love: How a Top 10 iOS and Android App Gets Great Reviews while Cutting Support Requests by 49% with In-App Support
Getting Up Close and Personal: How FullContact Increased Customer Interaction by 710%
Creating a Remarkable Customer Experience at Scale? Bing it on
Compare plans and pricing →
A one-day conference about keeping your customers (happy)!
Portland • June 26, 2015
Richard White, UserVoice
Chase Clemons, 37signals
Sarah Hatter, CoSupport
More videos →
Tour
Features
For Prospective Customers
For existing customers
The community for people that care about keeping their customers (happy)!
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.


--URL: http://feedback.uservoice.com/logout
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.

--URL: http://feedback.uservoice.com/tos
These are the terms of service for UserVoice, the service that powers this support portal, not for UserVoice itself.
UserVoice Inc. (“UserVoice” or the “Company”) offers UserVoice (the “Service”) according to the terms of service (the “Terms of Service”), as well as the privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”), which together constitute an agreement (the “Agreement”) declared below. The Company reserves the right to modify these terms without notice. Your continued usage of the Service constitutes your acceptance of these terms. Violation of any terms will result in termination of your account.
The Service is not intended for children under 13. By using the Service, you are representing that you are at least 18, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents’ permission to use the Service.
The Company may prohibit any user from using the Service in its sole discretion at any time for any reason, and is not liable for any damage or loss resulting from such prohibition.
You are responsible for using the Service in a private and secure manner. The Company is not liable for any damage or loss due to unauthorized account access resulting from your actions.
You may not use the Service for any illegal activity or to violate laws in your jurisdiction.
You may not use the Service to distribute unsolicited email (“spam”) or malicious content such as viruses or worms.
You may not exploit the Service to access unauthorized information.
Any abuse or threatened abuse of other users of the Service or of Company personnel will result in immediate account termination.
Any failure of the Company to enforce or exercise a right provided in these terms is not a waiver of that right.
Should any provision of these terms be found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms shall still apply.
This Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreements between you and the Company and supersedes any and all previous agreements, written or oral, between you and the Company, including previous versions of the Terms of Service.
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. You and the Company each agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service will be filed only in the state or federal courts in and for San Francisco County, California, and hereby consent and submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
The Company reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service for any reason, with or without notice.
Subject to the license granted below, any remarks, ideas, graphics, photographs, or other information (collectively, “Content”) communicated to the Account Holder (as defined below) and posted on the Service in a Hosted Area (as defined below) belong to the person who posted such content. You may use any Content posted by you in any other way without restriction. You may only use Content posted by others in the ways described in these Terms of Service.
You give the party (the “Account Holder”) who owns the domain name as hosted on the Service in which you post your Content (the “Hosted Area”) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable , fully-sublicensable license to publish and use your Content. In addition to the right to publish, you also grant the Account Holder under said license the following rights, without limitation: (i) the right to reproduce or copy or create derivative works thereof; (ii) the right to transfer, deliver, and sell the Content, which includes the distribution via computer and networks; (iii) the right to edit, modify, adapt, arrange, improve, correct, develop, translate, in all or in part; (iv) the right to update/upgrade by adding or removing; (v) the right to film, perform or post the Content in any media, and (vi) the right to use or incorporate all or any part of the Content in any products or services of the Account Holder (whether or not associated with the Service). Except as described in our Privacy Policy, neither the Company nor any Account Holder will be required to treat any Content as confidential. By posting Content you hereby waive any and all rights to be compensated by UserVoice or any Account Holder for such Content.
In order to operate and improve the Service, the Company needs the right to make certain uses of your Content as well. Therefore, when you post Content in any Hosted Area, you also agree to grant the Company an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, fully sublicenseable, non-exclusive license to copy, distribute, sell, publicly display, publicly perform and make derivative works of your Content on the Service and on services affiliated with the Service regardless of the form of media used or of whether such services now exist or are developed in the future.
The submission of your Content on the Service is entirely voluntary, non-confidential, gratuitous, and non-committal. You understand that the Account Holder may be working on the same or similar Content, that it may already know of such Content from other sources, that it may simply wish to develop this (or a similar Content) on its own or it may have taken/will take some other action. In return for the Account Holder’s review and consideration of your Content, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to the terms enumerated below, and further agree that these terms shall apply to any additional material previously or later submitted:
The Content represents your own original work. You have all necessary rights to disclose the Content to the Account Holder. In doing so, you are not violating the rights of any third party and you know of no other individual or entity whose rights will be infringed upon by the Account Holder’s review and/or use of the Content.
You understand that disclosure of Content to the Account Holder does not establish a confidential relationship or obligate the Account Holder to treat your Content (or any related materials) as secret or confidential.
You understand that the Account Holder has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your Content and that no compensation is due to you or anyone else for any inadvertent or intentional use of your Content, related ideas or ideas derived from your idea. You understand that the Account Holder assumes no obligation with respect to any of your Content unless and until the Account Holder enters into a written contract with you, and then only as expressed in that contract. In the absence of a separate formal contract, your rights shall be limited to those existing under the patent laws of the United States.
If your Content is the subject of a pending or issued patent, you have disclosed or will disclose that fact to the Account Holder. To the extent you hold a patent in the Content, the Account Holder acknowledges that no license under any patent is herein granted to the Account Holder. Any license to use a patented Content shall be in the form of a written contract, in which event the Account Holder’s obligations shall be only those expressed in such contract.
The Account Holder will give your Content such consideration as is warranted by its sole judgment. The Account Holder’s review of your Content shall not be construed as any recognition of the novelty or originality of the Content. The Account Holder is not obligated to give reasons for rejecting your Content or to reveal the Account Holder’s activities that are related to the subject matter of the submitted Content.
Neither the discussion or negotiations between the Account Holder and you relating to the possible purchase or license of the Content, nor the making of any offer for the purchase or license of the Content, shall prejudice the Account Holder in any way, or be construed as recognition of the novelty, originality, priority, other rights or value of the submitted Content. Further, the Account Holder’s consideration or its discussions or negotiations with you will not in any way impair the Account Holder’s right to contest the validity or infringement of your rights.
You acknowledge that the Account Holder, directly or indirectly, may (i) be working on the same Content or a similar Content to the Content, or (ii) already know of such Content from other sources, or (iii) simply wish to develop this Content or as similar to the Content on its own.
You hereby irrevocably release and forever discharge the Company and all Account Holders and their affiliates and subsidiaries (together, the “Released Parties”) from any and all actions, causes of actions, claims, damages, liabilities and demands, whether absolute or contingent and of any nature whatsoever, which you now have or hereafter can, shall or may have against the Released Parties or their respecting successors and assigns with respect to the Content, including without limitation in respect of how the Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, use the Content, with the sole exception in respect of the foregoing release and discharge being your right to bring a claim of patent infringement.
The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to remove Content that it determines in its sole discretion to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, that violates any party’s intellectual property, or that is detrimental to the quality or intended spirit of the Service. The Company also has the right, but not the obligation, to limit or revoke the use privileges of account of anyone who posts such Content.
The Company reserves the right to remove any Content from the service, at its sole discretion, including unacceptable content.
Examples of unacceptable Content or behavior on the Service include:
The Company cannot control all Content posted by third parties to the Service, and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, indecent, incorrect or objectionable, and you agree that under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any Content, including any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any Content. You understand that you must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the content, integrity, and accuracy of such Content. If you would like to report objectionable materials, you may use the “Flag for review” feature on any topic or reply. Urgent issues can be reported to support [at] uservoice [dot] com.
Use of the Service is also governed by our privacy policy.
The Company owns intellectual property rights to any protectable part of the Service, including but not limited to the design, artwork, functionality, and documentation. You may not copy, modify, or reverse engineer any part of the Service owned by the Company.
The Company is not liable for any damages or losses resulting from the Service transmitting information such as invoices and personal messages over unencrypted networks such as email.
The Company respects the intellectual property of others. It may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe others’ rights. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide the following information to the Company’s copyright agent:
The Company’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail: Copyright Agent UserVoice Inc. 121 2nd St, Fl 4 San Francisco, CA 94105
By email: copyright [at] uservoice [dot] com
Representations and Warranties. Without limiting any other representation, warranty or covenant herein, each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party that: (a) it has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (b) this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of such party; and © it has obtained and shall maintain throughout the term of this Agreement all necessary licenses, authorizations, approvals and consents to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Indemnification. Each party agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the other party and its affiliates harmless from and against any third-party claim and any related losses, costs, liabilities and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of the breach of any representations, warranties or covenants made by such party herein, or out of such party’s negligence or willful misconduct. Each party (the “Indemnified Party”) reserves the right, at the other party’s expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which the other party is required to indemnify the Indemnified Party and the other party agrees to cooperate with the Indemnified Party’s defense of such claims.
UserVoice Warranties; Disclaimers. UserVoice hereby represent and warrants that neither the Service nor use of the UserVoice Platform as contemplated herein will infringe on the rights of any third parties or violate any applicable laws or regulations, including, without limitation copyright, trademark and patent laws. UNLESS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, USERVOICE MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ADVERTISING AND OTHER SERVICES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. USERVOICE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE SERVICE, AND ACCOUNT HOLDER ASSUMES ALL RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY WITH RESPECT THERETO.
Limitation of Liability and Damages. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SYSTEM FAILURE OR NETWORK OUTAGE, WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY ACCOUNT HOLDER TO USERVOICE HEREUNDER.
If you are an employee of the federal government of the United States and are using UserVoice for official government work, the TOS is amended as follows: Amendment to UserVoice Terms of Service
Effective 11th July 2011
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices of UserVoice Inc. (“UserVoice,” “we,” “our” or “us”), which owns and operates various sites on the World Wide Web, including without limitation UserVoice.com, (collectively, the “UserVoice Websites”). Your access to and use of the UserVoice Websites and all the services provided via the UserVoice Websites (collectively, the “UserVoice Services”) are subject to UserVoice’s Terms of Use and all applicable laws.
This privacy policy describes how UserVoice collects, uses, and shares information about you that it obtains in connection with providing UserVoice Services to you.
In order to enhance your user experience and improve the UserVoice Services, UserVoice collects information about you from two sources: (i) information you affirmatively give to us; and (ii) information automatically collected when you visit any of the UserVoice Websites or use any UserVoice Services. Third parties may also collect your information in connection with your use of UserVoice Services.
When you sign up for UserVoice Services, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, email address, billing address, and company name or affiliation. You can view all of the information collected during the registration process by visiting the registration page. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features that will allow you to edit your profile and account Information.
After you provide such information and set up your account, we may ask you to provide additional information about yourself on an optional basis. We may ask you for certain financial information, including credit card account data or other payment method data, to process payments for some of our services. UserVoice may collect any communication it has with you via any means, including e-mail, telephone, and letters.
By choosing to provide any information to us, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
In addition, UserVoice automatically collects information about your interactions with the UserVoice Websites and UserVoice Services. For example, UserVoice may log information from your computer and browser, such as your IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, browser type, software and hardware attributes, pages you request, and cookie information. By using the UserVoice Services, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
UserVoice may use services that collect data remotely by using “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar technologies. Such technologies can recognize certain types of information on your web browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed them and the IP address of the computer from which you viewed them.
UserVoice Services may be linked to or provided through third party websites. UserVoice is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on such third party websites. When linking or accessing such websites, you should carefully review the privacy policy of such third party to determine how it handles information it separately collects from you.
UserVoice uses the information it collects from you to deliver UserVoice Services to you and continuously enhance your user experience. Generally speaking, we use the collected information to communicate with you, fulfill your requests, customize the content, improve our products and services, protect our and your rights, and comply with laws and regulations.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information and updates regarding UserVoice and its products and services. You may choose not to receive such information and opt-out of such future communications by clicking here. All such communications sent to you will also contain instructions for opting-out.
The information that we collect from you may be used in aggregate form in various ways to optimize and improve UserVoice Services. While such information may be based on information about you, it will not identify you personally. We may use such information for the following purposes: website management, administration and security, promotional activities, and research and analysis.
UserVoice may share as it sees fit information that you voluntarily make public, including information that you post on any blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other similar forums, whether or not such forums are owned by UserVoice. Since such public information can be accessed by the public and used by any member of the public, such use by third parties is beyond the control of UserVoice.
If we have your express consent, UserVoice may share your personal information that it collects with business partners, and other third parties that are not affiliated with UserVoice. Note that if you sign up for service from one of our affiliates, we may ask for your consent to share with such third party partner certain of your personal information. While UserVoice is not responsible for the acts of such partners, we encourage all of our partners to adopt privacy policies that protect against the disclosure of personal information to third persons.
UserVoice may disclose your personal information without asking for your consent in order to protect the legal rights of UserVoice or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the UserVoice Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required. If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by UserVoice or another user of the UserVoice Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.
Also, in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request, UserVoice may share your personal information with its third party service providers, including companies that assist with payment processing, business analytics, data processing, account management, and other services. We require these companies to agree that they will only use personal information about you that they have obtained from us to provide us with specific services that we have requested and not for any other purpose.
UserVoice may share with third parties your personal information and related aggregated data. For example, UserVoice may share IP addresses of its users to provide anonymous aggregated data to business partners about the volume of use on the UserVoice Services and the specific UserVoice Services in which users are most interested. Because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data.
If UserVoice sells all or part of its business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, UserVoice may transfer your personal information and non-personal information to one or more third parties as part of such transaction.
You have the choice about whether to disclose your personal information or other information about yourself to UserVoice. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, UserVoice may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can change your privacy settings at any time by clicking here. You may delete your UserVoice account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, by clicking here. Please note that, if you cancel your account, UserVoice may retain some information about you but will discontinue posting such information on the UserVoice Websites.
Your UserVoice accounts may be secured by member-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your account information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. UserVoice uses reasonable measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time.
UserVoice and its UserVoice Services are based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in the U.S. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the UserVoice Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. This information may also be processed by staff working for us or for one of our suppliers in the U.S. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the UserVoice Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S. UserVoice will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that you data is treated securely in accordance with this privacy policy.
UserVoice complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. UserVoice has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, UserVoice commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact UserVoice at:
UserVoice Inc. 121 2nd St, Fl 4 San Francisco, CA 94105 support@uservoice.com Attn:Chief Executive Officer
UserVoice has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by UserVoice, you may contact the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR program at the address below:
Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. BBB EU SAFE HARBOR 4200 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 800 Arlington, VA 22203 Phone: 703-276-0100 Web: www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints
From time to time, we may make changes to this privacy policy. In order to ensure that you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices, you should check the effective date indicated above of this privacy policy each time you use the UserVoice Services. If we make any changes, we will notify you of such changes by posting the updated privacy policy on the UserVoice Websites. We may also send you an email alerting you of such changes. You will be bound by any such changes to the policy when you use the UserVoice Services after those changes have been posted. If we make material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personal information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.
New and returning users may sign in
No results.
UserVoice is hand-crafted and lovingly made in San Francisco, CA and Raleigh, NC.


--URL: http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints
Please enter your City and State/Province OR Postal Code.

The European Commission's Directive on Data Protection prohibits the transfer of personal data from countries in the European Union to destinations, including the United States, that do not meet the European "adequacy" standard for privacy protection. The U.S. Department of Commerce - in consultation with the European Commission and the Swiss Data Protection Commissioner – has developed a "Safe Harbor" framework to allow U.S. businesses to receive and process personal data from the EU countries and Switzerland provided that they put in place certain privacy protections. 
Many companies participating in the Safe Harbor framework have chosen the dispute resolution program operated by BBB to help resolve issues that arise with consumers. This program, BBB EU Safe Harbor, provides free privacy dispute resolution services for eligible complaints about BBB EU Safe Harbor Participating Businesses.
 
File a privacy complaint against a Participating Business using the BBB EU Safe Harbor online compaint form. You can report violations of a posted Safe Harbor privacy policy or other privacy concerns about the company's compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.  BBB Program staff will review and handle all eligible complaints according to our Program Rules, and will work with you and the company to reach a resolution, or, if necessary, take the issue to independent arbitration.  Check here to make sure your complaint is eligible for BBB EU Safe Harbor resolution, and to file your complaint.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/user/BBBconsumerTips
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WOWPresents
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DannyNoriega
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/alaskatron5000
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Omg the #AAAGirls are coming to Australia! http://inthedark.com.au/event/aaatour/ @willambelli @courtneyact
Alaska goes backstage with @GiaGunn #Hieeee #Absolutely
Happy 100K- Contest winners announced here:
Hieeeee-- Alaska takes the Ice Bucket Challenge.
Your Makeup Is Terrible [Official Music Video] Director: Sasa Numic: http://www.needbatt.com/
Your Makeup Is Terrible - 6.10.14 -
Alaska visits a friend in Tampa. @LiquidTampa @AlyssaEdwards_1
Go walking in nature with @LaganjaEstranja ! Happy @RuPaulsDragRace Day!
Alaska apologizes for her wrongdoings.
Unseen @RuPaulsDragRace footage: @CourtneyAct and @AdoreDelano share a heart-to-heart.
Take a look into the future with @RuPaulsDragRace Season 77.
Enjoy a look back at the most heartwarming moments of @RupaulsDragRace Season 6.
Alaska experiences @RuPaulsDragRace Season 6 in 60 seconds.
Alaska lands an interview with the legendary Gia Gunn. Happy @RupaulsDragRace Day!
Happy RuPaul's Drag Race Day! Alaska's Guide to @RupaulsDragRace viewing etiquette.
Casting for Season 7 of RuPaul's Drag Race is happening now! Get in your tapes, ladies-- and here are some tips from Alaska.
YOU BETTER WURK BISHES!!!

I LOVE IT-- YOU GOT ME BOOTS GUR! xoxo
Thanks kitten! I will have a very beloved solstice!!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/kadaveria115
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Ronkait
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/xXHarukaFanXx
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/Munchlaxlover
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/theyearinreview
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/YouTube
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://youtube-trends.blogspot.com/


--URL: http://feeds.feedburner.com/youtube-trends

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/t/press_room_image_files
Please read these guidelines before using the YouTube logo. Remember that the YouTube logo must never be altered or distorted.
The Youtube Logo should always appear with the minimum area of clear space around the logo. It is essential that the logotype remains free of all graphics, taglines, identities and photography.
Apply the cap height as a base for clear space
In order to ensure legibility and visual prominence, the YouTube logo should never appear smaller than the minimum size shown here for print and digital applications.
Minimum online height: 25px
Minimum print height: 0.35 inches
The identity system must not be altered or manipulated. Always present the logo fully, being clearly visible. The examples to the right illustrate some of the most common application errors.
✘ alter or partially cover the logo.
✘ alter the proportions, position or letter spacing.
✘ stretch, condense, distort or separate logo elements.
✘ alter the color or add effects (drop shadow, glow, etc).
✘ replace the logotype with another typeface.
✘ place an image within the logotype.
✘ rotate (vertically, horizontally or diagonally) or flip.
The YouTube logo cannot be used as part of a sentence. The correct way to do this is to use text in the headline, and place the YouTube logo elsewhere on the page.
The YouTube icon should be used in social media instances where the standard YouTube logo does not work because of size or format restrictions. Follow the guidance on the right for when to use the correct logo.
If you use the icon, in order to ensure legibility and visual prominence, it should never appear smaller than the minimum size shown here for print and digital applications.
Minimum size for standard logo usage
Site-wide size for standard logo usage
Minimum print width: 0.35 inches
Minimum online width: 34px
In order to gain maximum visibility, the YouTube icon should always appear with the minimum area of clear space around the logo. It is essential that it remains free of all taglines and identities.
Apply half of the icon's height as a base for clear space
The identity system must not be altered or manipulated. Always present the logo and icon fully, being clearly visible. The examples below illustrate some of the most common application errors.
✘ alter or partially cover the logo or icon.
✘ alter the proportions, position or letter spacing.
✘ stretch, condense, distort or separate logo or icon elements.
✘ alter the color or add effects (drop shadow, glow, etc).
✘ replace the logotype with another typeface.
✘ place an image within the logotype.
✘ rotate (vertically, horizontally or diagonally) or flip.
The YouTube icon can be used in social media to link to a YouTube channel. The standard YouTube logo can also be used in a social media lineup.
Important: You may only make the logo or icon a link if the destination URL is a YouTube channel.
A YouTube social media icon in context
Examples of YouTube social media icons
To learn about the standard colors for the YouTube logo, please see the Color Specifications page.
To download the YouTube logo files, please visit the Downloads page.
Any usage not addressed by the guidelines on this site needs special approval and must be submitted in English through the Brand Use Request Form for review. Please allow up to a week for a reply. For non-English requests, you should reach out to your YouTube Partnerships counterpart. YouTube reserves the right to object to any inappropriate uses of its trademarks and to enforce its rights at any time.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/yt/brand/downloads.html
Please read Using the YouTube Logo and Color Specifications before downloading any of these files. Remember that the YouTube logo must never be altered or distorted.
To use a YouTube logo in an app launcher for TV, please measure and maintain the following safe space: One unit is a square drawn to the height of the "Y" in the YouTube logo.
Place 1x padding on either side of the YouTube logo. (The YouTube logo can then be optically nudged to the left to balance the negative space created by the "Y" in "YouTube", but this isn't required.) For square or tall rectangles, leave 1x on either side too.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/yt/brand/color.html
There are two ways to represent the color of the YouTube logo: Full Color (Dimensional) or Flat. Please refer to the correct color palette below.
The YouTube full-color dimensional logo is made from the colors to the right.
To ensure accurate color reproduction, when printing in a four-color process, use the specific CMYK formulas listed to the right. Do not use Pantone spot color swatches for matching four-color process colors.
HEX: e52d27 RGB: 229.45.39 CMYK: 4.96.97.1
HEX: b31217 RGB: 179.18.23 CMYK: 20.100.100.12
HEX: 000000 RGB: 0.0.0 CMYK: 100.100.100.100
HEX: e52d27
HEX: b31217
Along with the full color dimensional logos above, the brand mark can be shown in two different color variations: one-color and two-color. Please match the YouTube Red (PMS 032C) to the PANTONE® color when printing in spot color. Do not use Pantone spot color swatches for matching four-color process colors.
HEX: FFFFFF RGB: 255.255.255 CMYK: 0.0.0.0
HEX: cd201f RGB: 205.32.31 CMYK: 13.99.100.3 PMS: 1797cp
HEX: 000000 RGB: 0.0.0 CMYK: 100.100.100.100
These examples show the different types of one and two-color logos.
Reversed & Knocked Out
Two Color Logo: Black & PMS 032
One Color Logo: Black
These examples show the correct color applications of the YouTube brand mark on different backgrounds.
Darker than 50% gray
Lighter than 40% gray
White
The YouTube logotype must always appear clearly and legibly on its backgrounds. To help ensure this, the preferred color configuration of the YouTube logotype should appear on white and light backgrounds whenever possible. However, the logotype may also appear on dark or black backgrounds as long as sufficient contrast is provided.
Always ensure legibility by placing the logotype in an area that is simple and uncluttered. Always observe clear space specifications.
The logotype may also appear on other colored backgrounds not specified in these standards as long as sufficient contrast is provided.
A gray background density of less than 50% black requires the use of the original YouTube logotype.
A gray background density of more than 50% black requires the use of the white/red YouTube logotype.
Due to a lack of visibility and prominence, the logotype may not be placed on a red background.
To learn how to use the YouTube logo, please see the Using the YouTube Logo page.
To download the YouTube logo files, please visit the Downloads page.
Any usage not addressed by the guidelines on this site needs special approval and must be submitted in English through the Brand Use Request Form for review. Please allow up to a week for a reply. For non-English requests, you should reach out to your YouTube Partnerships counterpart. YouTube reserves the right to object to any inappropriate uses of its trademarks and to enforce its rights at any time.


--URL: http://www.youtube.com/yt/brand/using-logo.html
Please read these guidelines before using the YouTube logo. Remember that the YouTube logo must never be altered or distorted.
The Youtube Logo should always appear with the minimum area of clear space around the logo. It is essential that the logotype remains free of all graphics, taglines, identities and photography.
Apply the cap height as a base for clear space
In order to ensure legibility and visual prominence, the YouTube logo should never appear smaller than the minimum size shown here for print and digital applications.
Minimum online height: 25px
Minimum print height: 0.35 inches
The identity system must not be altered or manipulated. Always present the logo fully, being clearly visible. The examples to the right illustrate some of the most common application errors.
✘ alter or partially cover the logo.
✘ alter the proportions, position or letter spacing.
✘ stretch, condense, distort or separate logo elements.
✘ alter the color or add effects (drop shadow, glow, etc).
✘ replace the logotype with another typeface.
✘ place an image within the logotype.
✘ rotate (vertically, horizontally or diagonally) or flip.
The YouTube logo cannot be used as part of a sentence. The correct way to do this is to use text in the headline, and place the YouTube logo elsewhere on the page.
The YouTube icon should be used in social media instances where the standard YouTube logo does not work because of size or format restrictions. Follow the guidance on the right for when to use the correct logo.
If you use the icon, in order to ensure legibility and visual prominence, it should never appear smaller than the minimum size shown here for print and digital applications.
Minimum size for standard logo usage
Site-wide size for standard logo usage
Minimum print width: 0.35 inches
Minimum online width: 34px
In order to gain maximum visibility, the YouTube icon should always appear with the minimum area of clear space around the logo. It is essential that it remains free of all taglines and identities.
Apply half of the icon's height as a base for clear space
The identity system must not be altered or manipulated. Always present the logo and icon fully, being clearly visible. The examples below illustrate some of the most common application errors.
✘ alter or partially cover the logo or icon.
✘ alter the proportions, position or letter spacing.
✘ stretch, condense, distort or separate logo or icon elements.
✘ alter the color or add effects (drop shadow, glow, etc).
✘ replace the logotype with another typeface.
✘ place an image within the logotype.
✘ rotate (vertically, horizontally or diagonally) or flip.
The YouTube icon can be used in social media to link to a YouTube channel. The standard YouTube logo can also be used in a social media lineup.
Important: You may only make the logo or icon a link if the destination URL is a YouTube channel.
A YouTube social media icon in context
Examples of YouTube social media icons
To learn about the standard colors for the YouTube logo, please see the Color Specifications page.
To download the YouTube logo files, please visit the Downloads page.
Any usage not addressed by the guidelines on this site needs special approval and must be submitted in English through the Brand Use Request Form for review. Please allow up to a week for a reply. For non-English requests, you should reach out to your YouTube Partnerships counterpart. YouTube reserves the right to object to any inappropriate uses of its trademarks and to enforce its rights at any time.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/yt/brand/api.html
The YouTube API lets you incorporate YouTube functionality into your application or device. Visit the site below to understand the guidelines and download the assets you need for adding YouTube branding to your application, device, or marketing materials.
This link will redirect you to a site off of YouTube.com.
Any usage of the YouTube brand outside the guidelines on the API Developers' Branding Guidelines site needs special approval. Please submit a request in English through the Brand Use Request Form for review. Please allow up to a week for a reply. For non-English requests, you should reach out to your YouTube Partnerships counterpart. YouTube reserves the right to object to any inappropriate uses of its trademarks and to enforce its rights at any time.

--URL: http://developers.google.com/youtube/branding
YouTube APIs let you incorporate YouTube functionality into your application or device. This page shows the icons and logos that you are allowed to use for adding YouTube-logoed branding or attribution to your application, device, or marketing materials. It also explains rules and requirements for using YouTube logos.
You do not need special approval to use YouTube APIs or to promote API functionality in your application. However, any YouTube logo used within an application must link back to YouTube content or to a YouTube component of that application. As examples, a logo could link to an area of the app that shows YouTube content (subscriptions, uploads, etc.), an area of the app that lets users upload videos to YouTube, or a page on the YouTube website, such as the YouTube home page or a channel page.
These Branding Guidelines are an integral part of the YouTube APIs Terms of Service available at https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms and the YouTube APIs documentation and specifications available at https://developers.google.com/youtube, all of which must be followed in the development and implementation of any YouTube API Clients. If you use YouTube trademarks or logos in violation of these guidelines, we may request that you modify your app or usage or that you cease to use the logos.
YouTube provides three different types of logos:
You can download the YouTube logos and YouTube Icons from the YouTube brand site. That page also provides downloads for versions of the YouTube Icon that could be used in a panel of links to social media sites. Links to download the powered by YouTube logos are provided below.
Before downloading and using any of these images, also read the Using the YouTube logo guidelines and Color specifications on the YouTube brand site.
You should feature the appropriate branding logo on any page where the YouTube API has a presence. The logo should appear next to the location where the API implementation appears on the page. Any logo used within an application must be clickable and needs to link back to YouTube content or to a YouTube component of that application.
You may resize branding logos to an appropriate size for your application.
Any YouTube logo or YouTube Icon that you display must meet the minimum size requirements provided on the YouTube brand site.
The horizontal version of the powered by YouTube logo has a minimum height of 23 pixels and a minimum width of 175 pixels.
The stacked version of the powered by YouTube logo has a minimum height of 40 pixels and a minimum width of 85 pixels.
Important: Do not display any YouTube branding image as the most prominent element on your page.
You must never use the YouTube name or any abbreviation, acronym, or variant of the word YouTube, such as YT or You-Tube in conjunction with the overall name of your application. For example, you cannot call your application "YouTube for Kids" or "YouTube Education." However, you may reference the fact that your app is for YouTube or works with YouTube by stating that it is a "great app for YouTube" or using other similar language.
Similarly, you must never use YouTube branding images in conjunction with the overall name or description of your application, product, or service. You also cannot change YouTube branding images or remove, obstruct, distort, or alter any element of a YouTube trademark.
Additional rules regarding use of these logos are listed below:


Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies.

--URL: http://www.youtube.com/user/GoogleDevelopers
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/GoogleDevBR
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/FinalCutKing
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/PewDiePie
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/SmoshGames
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/SmoshGamesAlliance
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/TheWarpZone
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/GameGrumps
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/LetsPlay
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/screwattack
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Help ScrewAttack! make more fresh quality content. Every contribution is helpful, big or small.
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...


--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/WatchMojo
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/movieclipsTRAILERS
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/joblomovienetwork
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/FilmTrailerZone
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/movietrailers
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/SunfilmEntertainment
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/KinoCheck
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/DVDKritik
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/xKarenina
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/funnypilgrim
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: https://www.youtube.com/user/xLaeta
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...
See all
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Working...

--URL: http://www.finalcutking.com
April 3rd, 2013, by Zach
Learn how to create the Pleasantville/Sin City color correction effect in FInal Cut Pro
March 25th, 2013, by Zach
January 22nd, 2013, by Zach
January 17th, 2013, by Zach
January 17th, 2013, by Zach
This Motion 5 tutorial is a beginners guide to setting up a rig in
January 8th, 2013, by Zach
December 11th, 2012, by Zach
April 3rd, 2013, by Zach
Learn how to create the Pleasantville/Sin City color correction effect in FInal Cut Pro
January 22nd, 2013, by Zach
June 21st, 2012, by Zach
April 8th, 2013, by Zach
This is all the gear I use for my videos on a regular basis.
March 25th, 2013, by Zach
March 20th, 2013, by Zach
January 10th, 2013, by Zach
July 12th, 2013, by Zach
June 5th, 2013, by Zach
May 20th, 2013, by Zach
Copyright © 2012 - Broadway. All rights reserved.
Powered by WordPressBack to Top

--URL: http://wordpress.org
WordPress is web software you can use to create a beautiful website or blog. We like to say that WordPress is both free and priceless at the same time.
The core software is built by hundreds of community volunteers, and when you’re ready for more there are thousands of plugins and themes available to transform your site into almost anything you can imagine. Over 60 million people have chosen WordPress to power the place on the web they call “home” — we’d love you to join the family.
Ready to get started? Download WordPress 4.1.1
If you visit WordPress.org regularly you might have noticed some changes around the place. If you don’t, now’s the time to check them out! We’ve been working hard to improve the site to make it more useful to everyone, both developers and users, and we hope you like what we’ve done. New Theme and Plugin Directories […]
… and hundreds more

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/new-york-times/
The more than 60 blogs at The New York Times cover everything imaginable, ranging from arts to economics. Why it’s in the Showcase: The New York Times is one of the nation’s largest and most...
The bestselling book Freakonomics sold 3 million copies worldwide and the blog, which was started by co-authors Stephen J. Dubner and Steven D. Levitt in 2005, is meant to keep the conversation going....

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/groupe-renault/
Renault S.A. is a French multinational vehicle manufacturer established in 1899. The company produces a range of cars and vans, and in the past, trucks, tractors, tanks, buses/coaches and autorail vehicles. In 2011, Renault was the third biggest European automaker by production behind Volkswagen Group and PSA and the ninth biggest automaker in the world by production in 2011 (source: Wikipedia).
Visit Site
Rate this site based on their implementation and use of WordPress.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/france/
1st information site. Newspaper articles and the continuous news: International, France, society, economy, culture
Carla Bruni-Sarkozy is an Italian-born, naturalized French songwriter, singer, and former model. She is the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy whom she married on February 2, 2008. Why it’s...
Un Blog provides French language free blog hosting. Why it’s in the Showcase: Un Blog is among the oldest WordPress MU sites and with more than 560,000 blogs, also among the largest WordPress MU...
Vivendi SA (formerly known as Vivendi Universal) is a French multinational mass media company headquartered in Paris,France. The company has activities in music, television and film (source: Wikipedia).
The French site of the popular soft drink runs on WordPress.
GDF SUEZ S.A. is a French multinational electric utility company, headquartered in La Défense, Courbevoie; which operates in the fields of electricity generation and distribution, natural gas and renewable...
Bouygues S.A. is an industrial group headquartered in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France. Bouygues is listed on Euronext Paris exchange and is a blue chip in the CAC 40 stock market index. The company...
Dassault Aviation is a French aircraft manufacturer of military, regional, and business jets, a subsidiary of Dassault Group (source: Wikipedia).
Renault S.A. is a French multinational vehicle manufacturer established in 1899. The company produces a range of cars and vans, and in the past, trucks, tractors, tanks, buses/coaches and autorail vehicles....

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/transportation/
Dassault Aviation is a French aircraft manufacturer of military, regional, and business jets, a subsidiary of Dassault Group (source: Wikipedia).
Renault S.A. is a French multinational vehicle manufacturer established in 1899. The company produces a range of cars and vans, and in the past, trucks, tractors, tanks, buses/coaches and autorail vehicles....

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/dassault-aviation/
Dassault Aviation is a French aircraft manufacturer of military, regional, and business jets, a subsidiary of Dassault Group (source: Wikipedia).
Visit Site
Rate this site based on their implementation and use of WordPress.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/method-products/
Method Products (branded as method) is a San Francisco-based corporation which produces nontoxic, biodegradable natural cleaning supplies with a focus onminimalist product design. (source: Wikipedia)
Why it’s in the Showcase: Beautiful graphics, an easy to use navigation, and an integrated ecommerce store show off WordPress’ features to the fullest.
Visit Site
Rate this site based on their implementation and use of WordPress.

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/ecommerce/
TCHO is New American Chocolate. We go beyond fair trade (which we also support) to partner directly with growers. We help them improve the genetics of their plants, improve their cacao fermentation by...
Method Products (branded as method) is a San Francisco-based corporation which produces nontoxic, biodegradable natural cleaning supplies with a focus onminimalist product design. (source: Wikipedia) Why...

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/design/
ditlo is your source to view captivating imagery of fascinating people from all walks of life. Many faces you will know and others we will introduce you to. From a fly on the wall perspective taken by...
Typographica is a review of typefaces and type books, with occasional commentary on fonts and typographic design. Why it’s in the Showcase: Typographica used WordPress to move from their former blog...
The Saucy Milliner is a Vancouver based milliner (hatmaker) specializing in bespoke services. This is where I display the fruits of my hat-making labour. Using only the finest materials, antique hat blocks...
The 99U provides actionable insights on productivity, organization, and leadership to help creatives people push ideas forward. 99U is Behance’s effort to provide this “missing curriculum” for making...
Kartell Los Angeles is the flagship online store for official Kartell merchandise featuring best sellers like Louis Ghost Chair, Mademoiselle Chair, Bourgie Lamp and Componibili Storage Modules. Why it’s...
Grain edit is focused on classic design work from the 1950s-1970s and contemporary designers that draw inspiration from that time period. Site content includes interviews, articles, designers’ libraries...
Based in the heart of trendy Hoxton area in London, UK, Moove Agency specialises in digital services ranging from website design, WordPress & Drupal development, mobile web development, iphone graphics,...
Media Militia is a WordPress site where designers can download free vectors and stock images. Media Militia also offers the latest in design tutorials and inspiration. The site has grown quickly, generating...
Typography. I Love Typography, devoted to fonts, typefaces and all things typographical
1983 is an inspiration journal/blog offering a daily curated collection of design and visual references. Why it’s in the Showcase:  This blog features a ‘Daily Hit’ of beautiful design, illustration...


--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/design/page/3/
archiCentral is a leading blog on architecture and architectural design. Why it’s in the Showcase: archiCentral features well over 1,000 articles and is read by more than 20,000 people per day.
MOO is a printing company. We print beautiful products, using images you’ve uploaded directly, or designs from our designer galleries. Why it’s in the Showcase: The MOO.com blog serves as a...
The UX Booth is a group that writes about User Experience, and offers free Website Usability Reviews that all designers and developers can benefit from. Improving the usability of our world is not a task...
The Irish Architecture Foundation’s role is to be a vibrant and passionate organisation that excites its audiences about the value of architecture. We are a focal point for the many people and organisations...
Wes Garcia (former Apple Designer) pillages Web-Landia for objects and ideas that hypnotize. Duly noted: sports, art, design, writing, photography, film, and a wee more sports. Curated with all the finesse...
Zync is a brand and marketing agency in Toronto, providing service to our clients across Canada and internationally. We are focused on delivering highly creative, strategic solutions, and pride ourselves...
Method Products (branded as method) is a San Francisco-based corporation which produces nontoxic, biodegradable natural cleaning supplies with a focus onminimalist product design. (source: Wikipedia) Why...

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/sports/
The World’s Fastest Man has a site running on WordPress.
A behind the scenes look at the digital & print products from ESPN, written by their team. Why it’s in the Showcase: The ESPN Product Blog is built on the Twenty Eleven theme, and accomplishes...
Bike EXIF is one of the world’s largest motorcycle-related websites, with around two million pageviews a month. It focuses on custom motorcycles and cafe racers, with an emphasis on clean design and...
Padre y Decano nace de un grupo de socios y amigos que forman parte del foro Esto es Peñarol y que sienten que pueden contribuir con el club a través de una web carbonera más allá del foro. La idea...
The Carolina Rollergirls are the original Women’s Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) league of North Carolina. Formed in January 2004, it has been our mission to bring an alternative sport to...
The official website for Los Angeles Lakers PG Steve Blake. Steve’s site was mentioned on Fox Sports radio and the Los Angeles Times. Why it’s in the Showcase: We created Steve’s new site using...
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois, playing in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Why it’s...
Swiss Side is the fusion of Action Sports product design and development, with engineering from the pinnacle of technology in Formula 1. Combined with our burning passion for cycling and the Swiss alps...
Ride Oregon is the official site for Travel Oregon’s (the Oregon Tourism Commission) focus on cycling-related travel and tourism in the state. Why it’s in the Showcase: Ride Oregon integrates WordPress...
SURFER Magazine calls itself the bible of surfing. The site features more than 313,000 unique users and the magazine is circulated to nearly 100,000 people around the world, with a total audience close...

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/tag/sports/page/3/
COEDMagazine.com is a part of digital media group that specializes in community publishing and digital marketing across all platforms. Formerly one of the largest college magazines in the US, COED Media...
Mike Krzyzewski is an American basketball coach. He led the U.S. men’s national basketball team to a gold medal at the the 2008 Summer Olympics, and is also the coach of the Duke Blue Devils men’s...
The Official Curt Schilling blog.
James Allen became ITV Sport’s lead commentator on Formula 1 in October 2001, having deputised for Murray Walker at six races during the 2000 and 2001 seasons. During James’ tenure as commentator,...
Official Blog of the National Football League On blogs.nfl.com you’ll find news and commentary about the NFL as well as insights and reports from the great Adam Schefter. Sunday Night Football Extra...

--URL: https://wordpress.org/showcase/nflcom-blogs/
Official Blog of the National Football League
On blogs.nfl.com you’ll find news and commentary about the NFL as well as insights and reports from the great Adam Schefter.
Sunday Night Football Extra will feature NBC and NFL Network analysis from the likes of Jerome Bettis, who will be blogging in WordPress.com with his thoughts on the game.  To see this in action head over to nfl.com during the game.
Visit Site
Rate this site based on their implementation and use of WordPress.

--URL: http://blogs.nfl.com
Official Blog of the National Football League
Posted: July 18th, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: 49ers, Andre Williams, Carlos Hyde, Cleveland Browns, David Wilson, Fantasy football, frank gore, Giants, Josh Gordon, Marcus Lattimore, New York Giants, Peyton Hillis, Rashad Jennings, San Francisco 49ers, Tom Coughlin
In today’s Three and Out: the recoveries of Marcus Lattimore and David Wilson take different turns.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 17th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Carlos Hyde, Eddie Lacy, frank gore, Green Bay Packers, Justin Hunter, Marcus Lattimore, San Francisco 49ers, Tennessee Titans
In today’s Three and Out: The Niners could begin using less of Frank Gore; the Packers want to use more of Eddie Lacy.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 16th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Benjarvus Green-Ellis, Cincinnati Bengals, Giovani Bernard, Keenan Allen, Malcom Floyd, Miami Dolphins, Mike Wallace, Rex Burkhead, San Diego Chargers
In today’s Three and Out: BenJarvus Green-Ellis could be out of a job; Malcom Floyd is happy to get back to his job.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 15th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Dwayne Bowe, Jeremy Maclin, Jermichael Finley, Jordan Matthews, Kansas City Chiefs, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers, Riley Cooper
In today’s Three and Out: A veteran receiver is working his way back into shape while a rookie receiver is working his way into a starting job.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 14th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Aaron Rodgers, Brian Hoyer, Cleveland Browns, Eli Manning, Green Bay Packers, Johnny Manziel, Josh Gordon, New York Giants, Odell Beckham
In today’s Three and Out: The Packers want to be even more up-tempo in 2014; a pair of quarterbacks say they’re feeling good and ready for the season.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 11th, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: Andre Johnson, Bryce Brown, Buffalo Bills, C.J. Spiller, Fred Jackson, Houston Texans, Kenny Britt, St. Louis Rams
In today’s Three and Out: Bryce Brown could be the running back of the future for the Bills, but what’s his stock in 2014?
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 10th, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: Andre Johnson, Andrew Luck, Cam Newton, Carolina Panthers, Dwayne Allen, Fantasy, Fantasy football, Houston Texans, Jimmy Graham, New England Patriots, Rob Gronkowski
In today’s Three and Out: If the Texans trade Andre Johnson, where is his ideal fantasy landing spot? And what should we make of Dwayne Allen’s return to the Colts?
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 9th, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: Aaron Dobson, Baltimore Ravens, Dennis Pitta, Denver Broncos, Emmanuel Sanders, Eric Decker, Fantasy football, Gary Kubiak, Jimmy Graham, Julian Edelman, New England Patriots, Patriots, Peyton Manning, Ravens, Rob Gronkowski, Tom Brady
In today’s Three and Out: Patriots wide receiver Aaron Dobson is optimistic about being fully healthy in time for training camp.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 8th, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: Adam Gase, Cleveland Browns, Darren McFadden, Denver Broncos, Derek Carr, Emmanuel Sanders, Eric Decker, Fantasy, Josh Gordon, Matt Schaub, Maurice Jones-Drew, Montee Ball, Oakland Raiders, Peyton Manning
In today’s Three and Out: Will the Broncos offense be better in 2014, and just how much will the Raiders run the ball?
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 3rd, 2014 | Alex Gelhar | Tags: Alshon Jeffery, Brandon Marshall, Darren Sproles, Dri Archer, Fantasy football, Le'Veon Bell, LeGarrette Blount, LeSean McCoy, Mike Evans, Nick Foles, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers, Tampa Bay Buccaneers
In today’s Three and Out: LeSean McCoy believes this is the season that Nick Foles “blows it away.”
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 2nd, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Bilal Powell, Chris Ivory, Chris Johnson, Delanie Walker, Denver Broncos, Julius Thomas, New York Jets, Tennessee Titans
In today’s Three and Out: The Jets say Chris Johnson will be in a timeshare … Johnson disagrees.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: July 1st, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Baltimore Ravens, Bernard Pierce, Charlie Whitehurst, Cierre Wood, Detroit Lions, Eric Ebron, Fitzgerald Toussaint, Jake Locker, Justin Forsett, Lorenzo Taliaferro, Ray Rice, Tennessee Titans, Zach Mettenberger
In today’s Three and Out: The Ravens are preparing for life with a running back rotation; Eric Ebron has a steep learning curve in Detroit.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: June 30th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Ben Tate, Cleveland Browns, Dion Lewis, Jake Locker, Jordan Cameron, Josh Gordon, Tennessee Titans, Terrance West
In today’s Three and Out: Ben Tate could be sharing opportunities; Jordan Cameron could see more opportunities of his own.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: June 27th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Andre Holmes, Baltimore Ravens, Buffalo Bills, Marlon Brown, Oakland Raiders, Sammy Watkins
In today’s Three and Out: Sammy Watkins is getting more comfortable with EJ Manuel; Matt Schaub is getting more comfortable with Andre Holmes.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Posted: June 26th, 2014 | Marcas Grant | Tags: Three and out, Antonio Brown, Bilal Powell, Chris Johnson, Dallas Cowboys, DeMarco Murray, Lance Dunbar, Markus Wheaton, New York Jets, Pittsburgh Steelers
In today’s Three and Out: The Cowboys might have found their complement to DeMarco Murray; the Jets are planning to strategically deploy Chris Johnson.
Permalink  |   |  |  
Entries (RSS) | Comments (RSS)
Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Subscribe (RSS)
Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 7,827 other followers




--URL: http://vip.wordpress.com/
The WordPress.com VIP grid serves billions of pages every month. Learn more →
“It took us about two weeks from when we made the decision to publish Person of the Year on WordPress to launching the new section of our website.”
Cathy Sharick, TIME.com’s Managing Editor.
Rock-solid cloud hosting of your completely customized code on the WordPress.com server grid.
Comprehensive support for your self-hosted WordPress project, no matter where it’s hosted.
Some of the world’s biggest brands and industries rely on WordPress.com VIP. Learn More
WordPress.com VIP allowed us to focus on the fan experience and front-facing content, instead of the servers powering it.
Todd Denis, Director, Brand Connections, Olympic.ca.
Ready to become a WordPress.com VIP? Apply Now
Create a free WordPress site Terms of Service Privacy Documentation
An Automattic Invention
Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 7,957 other followers



--URL: http://automattic.com/
Hassle-free blogging even with your own domain freemium model.
Power of the cloud right there in your own WordPress. Supercharge your site!
Synchronization. The bane of all notetakers is now simply solved.
Links, files, photos, more! Beam them to the cloud and share. Sounds awesome? You bet.
Disaster happens. Buy insurance for your site. Sleep soundly at night.
Remember the days innocent inboxes gleam. Be spam-free again.
Your readers are smart. Easily find what they think, polls and surveys, natch.
Identity is visually portable. Your face everywhere.
An API for developers everywhere to stay on same page.
Resources for you, maker of things with WordPress. Code is poetry.
The best of the best sites need bulletproof service. We can handle it.
Great storytelling, long enough to dig into. Find it and share it.
We also contribute to a number of non-profit and Open Source projects; here are a few:
Community first plugins and themes ev’rywhere together we build.
Sometimes you have thoughts while on-the-go in the world your iPhone is there.
I, for one, welcome our new Android overlords. Robots can blog, too.
Collaborating? Never send email again. This will change your life.
The web is social, our connections matter most. Why isn’t your site?
Blogs sometimes restrain community discussion. Forums, the new black.
Hundreds gather to share, learn, connect, celebrate the first of many.
Inspired by you Striving to create good Nothing* is perfect.
© Automattic Inc., purveyors of fine blogging services since 2005. Thank you for your time.

--URL: http://automattic.com/contact/
For press inquiries or to download a logo, visit our Press page.
To learn more about our lounge in San Francisco please visit the lounge page.
For WordPress.com support requests and billing issues, please contact our 24/7 support team.
For WordPress.com VIP Hosting & Support Services information please visit the VIP site.
For complaints (spam, abuse, legal, copyright, impersonation, slander, annoyance), please visit our Complaints page.
For Akismet requests or billing questions please contact the Akismet team.
To report WordPress.com security issues, or security issues with any Automattic product, see our Security page.
Please do not use our voicemail, postal mail, or contact form for billing questions, support, or complaints. They will be ignored unless you use the proper channels linked above.
Our voicemail is (877) 273-3049.
If you want to mail us something, please send it to:
If none of those are a good fit you can contact our general mailbox below, and should hear back within a few weeks.
© Automattic Inc., purveyors of fine blogging services since 2005. Thank you for your time.

--URL: http://automattic.com/security/
Please note that if you run your own WordPress installation or are a WordPress developer and think you have found a security vulnerability in the open source WordPress software, here is how to report an issue.
Although we strive to create the most secure products possible, we are not perfect.  If you happen to find a security vulnerability in one of our services, we would appreciate letting us know and allowing us to respond before disclosing the issue publicly.   We take security seriously, and we will try to review and reply to every legitimate security report personally within 24 hours. Other reports submitted will not be replied to.
— Barry
© Automattic Inc., purveyors of fine blogging services since 2005. Thank you for your time.

--URL: https://hackerone.com/automattic
Automattic runs WordPress.com, VaultPress, Akismet, Gravatar, Simperium, Cloudup, and more. Find a complete list of projects on our website http://automattic.com/. We also welcome bug reports for the open source projects WordPress, BuddyPress, and bbPress.
Please note that we are generally not interested in DoS vulnerabilities that are perceived by a lack of rate-limiting or captcha. As a web-scale service, our threshold for rate limiting is higher than you would probably expect. Of course, if you think you have found an exception to this rule, please let us know.

--URL: https://hackerone.com/bughuntergr

--URL: https://hackerone.com/yahoo
Reported bugs will be assessed by our security team to determine if they qualify for a reward. Please report a potential security issue right away. Yahoo will consider the worst case scenario and will chose the reward accordingly. Bug submissions will be reviewed within 30 days.
The scope of this program is limited to technical vulnerabilities on Yahoo owned applications. For password and account access issues please work with our Customer Care team. The domains and properties below are in the scope of the program:
You can submit vulnerabilities on other Yahoo branded sites not listed above; we will find another way to recognize your effort.
You will qualify for bounty eligibility only if you are the first person to responsibly disclose an unknown issue. The Yahoo security team and associated development teams have 30 days to respond to the report, and up to a possible 90 days to implement a fix base on the severity of the report. Please allow for this process to fully complete before you publicly disclose the vulnerability. Note that posting details or conversations about this report before it has been approved for disclosure or posting details that reflect badly on this program and the Yahoo brand, will result in immediate removal from the program.
The submitted issue must be one of the following type of vulnerabilities:
You may submit other types of vulnerabilities; we will find another way to recognize your effort.
Qualifying bugs will be rewarded based on severity. Our minimum reward is $50 USD, our maximum is $15,000 USD. Rewards are granted entirely at the discretion of Yahoo.
The following conditions are out of scope for the bug bounty program:

--URL: https://hackerone.com/mindcracker

--URL: https://hackerone.com/mlitchfield

--URL: https://hackerone.com/uzbey
Uzbey is currently offline for some new developments. At this time we are not accepting any bug submissions. Thank you
We are interested and appreciate any vulnerability discovered on https://staging.uzbey.com. The staging site has been created for this sole purpose - for you to break it.
Please refrain from ANY testing of the live site. The sites in terms of code are identical, therefore the need to test the live site should not be there. Please feel free to create a real account on Uzbey.com, but again please do not perform any security testing on this domain.
Unfortunately we cannot offer any bounties at this time, as much as we would like too. However a Wall of Fame is rewarded to those who qualify.
Automated Scanning is STRICTLY prohibited
We are generally looking for the following types of vulnerabilities:
However any time you spend looking at http://staging.uzbey.com is extremely appreciated . You may also report other types of vulnerabilities and will recognize your effort in another way, as long as the reports are within the scope of our program.
Exclusions
Please don't send us Qualys SSL Labs (https://www.ssllabs.com) reports, such reports will never be considered

--URL: https://hackerone.com/reports/17256

--URL: https://hackerone.com/atom

--URL: https://hackerone.com/blockio
Block.io encourages responsible disclosure of security vulnerabilities through this bug bounty program. By helping us resolve potentially hazardous issues, you're keeping the Bitcoin/Dogecoin community safe.
Responsible disclosure includes:
In order to encourage responsible disclosure, we promise not to bring legal action against researchers who point out a problem provided they do their best to follow the above guidelines.
The minimum payout is $10 for reporting a previously unknown security vulnerability of sufficient severity with possibility for direct exploitation. There is no maximum reward, and we may award higher amounts based on severity or creativity of the vulnerability found. We may reward the minimum bounty in cases where our security is adjusted for better defense in depth, but no direct exploitation is possible.
Block.io reserves the right to decide if the minimum severity threshold is met and whether it was previously reported.
In general, anything which has the potential for financial loss or data breach is of sufficient severity, including:
In general, the following would not meet the threshold for severity:
Important: When reporting a vulnerability, you must provide an attack scenario and/or examples of the attack. Without this, we reserve the right to reject the bug as Not Applicable.
Thank you for your service!

--URL: https://hackerone.com/ashesh

--URL: https://hackerone.com/irccloud
This page is intended for security researchers. To find out more about IRCCloud's security, please visit our privacy information page.
If you believe you have found a security vulnerability on IRCCloud, we encourage you to let us know right away. We will investigate all legitimate reports and do our best to quickly fix the problem.
Please submit your report here and our security team will respond as soon as possible.
If you give us a reasonable time to respond to your report before making any information public and make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data and interruption or degradation of our service during your research, we will not bring any lawsuit against you or ask law enforcement to investigate you.
Automated testing against IRCCloud is not allowed. If you use automated testing, your account will be banned and we will not award any bounties.
To show our appreciation for security researchers, we offer a monetary bounty for certain qualifying security bugs. Here is how it works:
To qualify for a bounty, you must:
We will assess each bug to determine if it qualifies.
The following bugs are generally not eligible for a bounty (and we do not recommend testing for these):
Please only report one bug per HackerOne issue. If you submit a bug report containing a video, you must also clearly describe the issue in the text of the report.


--URL: https://hackerone.com/dawidczagan

--URL: https://hackerone.com/coinbase
Coinbase recognizes the importance of security researchers in helping keep our community safe. We encourage responsible disclosure of security vulnerabilities via our bug bounty program described on this page.
Responsible disclosure includes:
In order to encourage responsible disclosure, we promise not to bring legal action against researchers who point out a problem provided they do their best to follow the above guidelines.
The minimum payout is $1,000 in bitcoin for reporting a previously unknown security vulnerability of sufficient severity with possibility for direct exploitation. There is no maximum reward, and we may award higher amounts based on severity or creativity of the vulnerability found. We may reward $100 in bitcoin in cases where our security is adjusted for better defense in depth, but no direct exploitation is possible.
We also provide attribution on our Hall of Fame as a thank you.
Coinbase reserves the right to decide if the minimum severity threshold is met and whether it was previously reported.
In general, anything which has the potential for financial loss or data breach is of sufficient severity, including:
In general, the following would not meet the threshold for severity:

--URL: https://hackerone.com/pranav_hivarekar

--URL: https://hackerone.com/reports/30142

--URL: https://hackerone.com/reports/45960

--URL: http://www.pranavhivarekar.in
Security Stuff Here ...!

--URL: http://www.blogger.com

Create an account
One Google Account for everything Google

--URL: https://www.blogger.com/forgot.g
If you have more than one blog, enter the one you're most interested in posting to.
If your blog is not hosted on Blog*Spot, you can't remember your blog's URL, or you don't have a blog, enter your email address below and we'll look up your account information.

--URL: https://www.blogger.com/go/contentpolicy
Blogger is a free service for communication, self-expression and freedom of speech. We believe Blogger increases the availability of information, encourages healthy debate, and makes possible new connections between people. It is our belief that censoring this content is contrary to a service that bases itself on freedom of expression.
However, in order to uphold these values, we need to curb abuses that threaten our ability to provide this service and the freedom of expression it encourages. As a result, there are some boundaries on the type of content that can be hosted with Blogger. The boundaries we've defined are those that both comply with legal requirements and that serve to enhance the service as a whole.
If you encounter a blog that you believe violates our policies, please report it to us using the 'Report Abuse' link located at the top of each blog under the 'More' dropdown. If the blog owner has hidden this link, you can still report abuse in the Blogger Help Center.
Our content policies play an important role in maintaining a positive experience for you, the users. Please respect these guidelines. From time to time, we may change our content policies so please check back here. Also, please note that when applying the policies below, we may make exceptions based on artistic, educational, documentary, or scientific considerations or where there are other substantial benefits to the public from not taking action on the content.
Adult Content: We do allow adult content on Blogger, including images or videos that contain nudity or sexual activity. If your blog contains adult content, please mark it as 'adult' in your Blogger settings. We may also mark blogs with adult content where the owners have not. All blogs marked as 'adult' will be placed behind an 'adult content' warning interstitial. If your blog has a warning interstitial, please do not attempt to circumvent or disable the interstitial - it is for everyone’s protection.
There are some exceptions to our adult content policy:
Child safety: We have a zero-tolerance policy towards content that exploits children. Some examples of this include:
Hate Speech: Our products are platforms for free expression. But we don't support content that promotes or condones violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity, or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred on the basis of these core characteristics. This can be a delicate balancing act, but if the primary purpose is to attack a protected group, the content crosses the line.
Crude Content: Don't post content just to be shocking or graphic. For example, collections of close-up images of gunshot wounds or accident scenes without additional context or commentary would violate this policy.
Violence: Don't threaten other people on your blog. For example, don't post death threats against another person or group of people and don't post content encouraging your readers to take violent action against another person or group of people.
Harassment: Do not harass or bully others. Anyone using Blogger to harass or bully may have the offending content removed or be permanently banned from the site. Online harassment is also illegal in many places and can have serious offline consequences.
Copyright: It is our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. More information about our copyright procedures can be found here. Also, please don't provide links to sites where your readers can obtain unauthorized downloads of other people's content.
Personal and confidential information: It's not ok to publish another person's personal and confidential information. For example, don't post someone else's credit card numbers, Social Security numbers, unlisted phone numbers, and driver's license numbers. Also, please keep in mind that in most cases, information that is already available elsewhere on the Internet or in public records is not considered to be private or confidential under our policies.
Impersonating others: Please don't mislead or confuse readers by pretending to be someone else or pretending to represent an organization when you don't. We're not saying you can't publish parody or satire - just avoid content that is likely to mislead readers about your true identity.
Illegal activities: Do not use Blogger to engage in illegal activities or to promote dangerous and illegal activities. For example, don't author a blog encouraging people to drink and drive. Please also do not use Blogger to sell or promote illegal drugs. Otherwise, we may delete your content. Also, in serious cases such as those involving the abuse of children, we may report you to the appropriate authorities.
Regulated Goods and Services: Do not use Blogger to sell or facilitate the sale of regulated goods and services, such as alcohol, gambling, pharmaceuticals and unapproved supplements, tobacco, fireworks, weapons, or health/medical devices.
Spam: Spam takes several forms in Blogger, all of which can result in deletion of your account or blog. Some examples include creating blogs designed to drive traffic to your site or to move it up in search listings, posting comments on other people's blogs just to promote your site or product, and scraping existing content from other sources for the primary purpose of generating revenue or other personal gains.
Malware and viruses: Do not create blogs that transmit viruses, cause pop-ups, attempt to install software without the reader's consent, or otherwise impact readers with malicious code. This is strictly forbidden on Blogger.
Please report suspected policy violations to us using the 'Report Abuse' link located at the top of each blog under the 'More' dropdown or by clicking here.
Our team reviews user flags for policy violations. If the blog does not violate our policies, we will not take any action against the blog or blog owner. If we find that a blog does violate our content policies, we take one or more of the following actions based on the severity of the violation:
We may also take any of the above actions if we find that a user has created multiple blogs engaging in repeated abusive behavior. If you have had a blog disabled, do not create a replacement blog that engages in similar activity.

--URL: http://www.google.com/blogger_dmca.html
If you've come across content on Google that may violate the law, let us know, and we'll carefully review the material and consider blocking, removing or restricting access to it. Abusive content on Google's services may also violate Google's product policies, so before sending us a legal request, consider flagging the post, image, or video for one of our content teams to review. For more information on our product and privacy policies, our commitment to transparency, and how to submit a valid legal notice to Google, read on below.
Finding support for your issue
Make sure you've visited the many resources at Google's Product Support Center. There, you can find answers to frequently asked questions or search our community help forum.
You can also learn more about Google's security and privacy tools at our Policies and Principles page.
Protecting your information
We aim to provide you with the world’s strongest security and privacy tools. Security and privacy matter to us.  We know how important they are to you and we work hard to get them right.
Read Google's Privacy Policy to learn how Google uses information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Safety Center helps you and your family stay safe online. Visit to learn more and understand how Google helps protect you, your computer, and the Internet from cybercrime.
Transparency in our process
Transparency is a core value at Google. As a company we feel it is our responsibility to ensure that we maximize transparency around the flow of information related to our tools and services. We believe that more information means more choice, more freedom, and ultimately more power for the individual.
As part of our efforts to remain transparent, a copy of each legal notice we receive may be sent to the Chilling Effects project for publication and annotation. Chilling Effects is a joint project among U.S. law schools that seeks to provide resources about free speech online and intellectual property law. It's also a database of requests to remove content from internet platforms. Chilling Effects will redact the submitter's personal contact information (i.e. phone number, e-mail, and address).
You can see an example of such a publication here.
We may also publish similar information from your notice to our Transparency Report. The Transparency Report provides data on the requests we receive from copyright owners and governments to remove information from our services.
Understanding copyright
It is Google's policy to comply with notices of copyright infringement pursuant to the Digital Millenium Copyright Act. To read more about our copyright policies and the requirements of a complete notice, please visit our Copyright Help Center.
Submit a Legal Request
This tool will guide you through the process of reporting content that you believe warrants removal from Google's services based on applicable laws. Completing the appropriate form will help ensure that we have all of the information necessary to investigate your specific inquiry and resolve it as quickly as possible
If your legal request involves multiple Google products, please note that you must submit a notice for each product affected.


--URL: https://www.google.com/accounts/TOS
Last modified: April 14, 2014 (view archived versions)
Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.
Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.
Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.
You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
Open source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.
We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.
We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE, AND GOOGLE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).
IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.
We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.
These terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.
If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).
If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.
The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
Keeping the web safe for everyone is a shared responsibility. Learn what you can do to protect yourself and your family online.


--URL: http://www.chillingeffects.org
The Chilling Effects database collects and analyzes legal complaints and requests for removal of online materials, helping Internet users to know their rights and understand the law. These data enable us to study the prevalence of legal threats and let Internet users see the source of content removals.

--URL: https://www.chillingeffects.org/users/sign_in

--URL: https://www.chillingeffects.org/users/password/new

--URL: https://www.chillingeffects.org/pages/researchers
Since its founding in 2001, the Chilling Effects Clearinghouse has collected over a million Cease and Desist notices received by Internet users. Today, this archive is an indispensable resource for understanding speech issues and legal complaints about online activity, helping Internet users to know their rights and understand the law. The complaints, indexed by topic and stored in our searchable database, include DMCA takedown notices submitted to the database by the individuals senders or recipients, and notices received by Internet providers and hosts such as Google and Twitter. These submissions enable us to better study the prevalence of legal threats and allow Internet users to see the source of content removals.
Notice submissions to the database generally come from two types of sources.
Individual users can submit cease and desist letters and DMCA takedown notices they have received or sent.
Certain businesses that receive notices in large quantities (like Google and Twitter) have partnered with Chilling Effects to automatically send us all DMCA notices they receive.
Chilling Effects staff review and redact the notices that the project receives in order to remove sensitive or personal information from the text of notices, such as phone numbers or email addresses, or allegedly defamatory content. Further, an individual submitting a notice directly to the Chilling Effects database may elect to keep private certain information about the sender or recipient of the notice, including the name of the sender or recipient, attorney and law firm, and the sender or recipient’s address information, with the exception of the country, which is not redacted.
Please note that Chilling Effects does not redact the name of the rightsholder making the request or the URL(s) of the material complained of. Without the location of the complained-of material and the complainant, the notices are meaningless from a public transparency or research perspective, to say nothing of offering no insight as to possible misuse of takedown notices as a vehicle for censorship.
The Chilling Effects Clearinghouse is designed for use by lay Internet users curious about a notice they may have encountered, as well Internet and legal researchers studying larger trends about free expression and content removal online. Do you have further ideas about how to use the database, or suggestions about this FAQ? Email us at team@chillingeffects.org with the subject line "Suggestion for Researcher FAQs."


The documentation for the Chilling Effects API can be found here.
When a query or request is submitted to the database, the system will return a response with a list of JSON-encoded attributes. Learn more about JSON (JavaScript Object/Open Notation) here. This format is designed to be “machine readable,” and not necessarily useful to a human reader in its raw form. However, there are many tools for rendering JSON output into a friendlier form, and we recommend finding one that works for you.
The Chilling Effects database accepts dates in a variety of formats but always outputs dates in Unix Time, which is the number of seconds elapsed since the beginning of the Unix epoch. This can be quite confusing at first, and we recommend using a Unix Timestamp conversion tool (like this one here) to transform these raw date outputs into something a human can understand.
Most users will find that the web interface will suffice for browsing and discovery within the database. However, for those that need to access larger swaths of data or create automated processes to digest data trends, we offer our new API.
Searching the database, whether through the web interface or with the API, is done via full-text search. The default search is to search all possible notice fields and facets. Searches can also refined based on specific slices of the database or on specific facets of the data. See the documentation for the applicable notice parameters and metadata.
To query the database, use your preferred tools for HTTP "get" requests. There are a number of options available, so pick one depending on your research needs. Examples include:
Example search query for Batman where <parameter> is the database field or facet that is the object of the search.
Here’s a search query for star where term is the parameter.
Searches can also combine multiple parameters when linked with an ampersand. Below, the query combines a search for star where term is the parameter, where batman is the sender_name, and date_received falls between RANGE1..RANGE2
Running these search queries through the API will allow you to search for some period of time, as well as download search results for use and reuse in applications. A complete list of searchable parameters can be found here.
The database classifies notices into one or more topics, more of which may be added over time. Certain topics are categorized as subtopics of a larger, comprehensive root topic. For example, like “DMCA,” “fair use,” and “anti-circumvention” all fall under “Copyright.” Each topic has a unique numerical ID in the database. To request a list of topics, use the following command.
This command will return results with three pieces of information: 1) the topic's unique ID number, 2) the name of the topic, and 3) either the ID number of the parent topic or null if the topic is a root topic.
On the web interface, above a certain number of hits your search results will be paginated. By default, results are sorted by descending relevance. Full-text search results contain the same data as an individually-requested notices, with the addition of a score field that articulates the result relevance to the query term; higher numbers are more relevant. Terms are joined with an 'OR' by default.

--URL: http://www.unixtimestamp.com/


- - @ : : (24h:min:sec)


The unix time stamp is a way to track time as a running total of seconds. This count starts at the Unix Epoch on January 1st, 1970 at UTC. Therefore, the unix time stamp is merely the number of seconds between a particular date and the Unix Epoch. It should also be pointed out (thanks to the comments from visitors to this site) that this point in time technically does not change no matter where you are located on the globe. This is very useful to computer systems for tracking and sorting dated information in dynamic and distributed applications both online and client side.
On this date the Unix Time Stamp will cease to work due to a 32-bit overflow. Before this moment millions of applications will need to either adopt a new convention for time stamps or be migrated to 64-bit systems which will buy the time stamp a "bit" more time.

--URL: http://www.unixtimestamp.com/about.php



--URL: http://www.unixtimestamp.com/contact.php






--URL: http://www.unixtimestamp.com/week-of-year.php
15 of 52 in 2015

The ISO 8601 spec defines the week counting system. The numbering system is for the Gregorian Calendar. The start of the week is on a Monday. The first week is the week with a Thursday in the new year. There are 52 weeks in the year

--URL: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_week_date
The ISO week date system is a leap week calendar system that is part of the ISO 8601 date and time standard. The system is used (mainly) in government and business for fiscal years, as well as in timekeeping. The system specifies a week year atop the Gregorian calendar by defining a notation for ordinal weeks of the year.
The Gregorian leap cycle, which has 97 leap days spread across 400 years, contains a whole number of weeks (20871). In every cycle there are 71 years with an additional 53rd week. An average year is exactly 52.1775 weeks long; months average at 4.348125 weeks.
An ISO week-numbering year (also called ISO year informally) has 52 or 53 full weeks. That is 364 or 371 days instead of the usual 365 or 366 days. The extra week is referred to here as a leap week, although ISO 8601 does not use this term. Weeks start with Monday. The first week of a year is the week that contains the first Thursday of the year (and, hence, always contains 4 January). ISO week year numbering therefore slightly deviates from the Gregorian for some days close to 1 January.
A date is specified by the ISO week-numbering year in the format YYYY, a week number in the format ww prefixed by the letter 'W', and the weekday number, a digit d from 1 through 7, beginning with Monday and ending with Sunday. For example, the Gregorian date 31 December 2006 corresponds to the Sunday of the 52nd week of 2006, and is written 2006-W52-7 (extended form) or 2006W527 (compact form).


The ISO week-numbering year number deviates from the number of the Gregorian year on, if applicable, a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, or a Saturday and Sunday, or just a Sunday, at the start of the Gregorian year (which are at the end of the previous ISO year) and a Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, or a Monday and Tuesday, or just a Monday, at the end of the Gregorian year (which are in week 01 of the next ISO year). In the period 4 January to 28 December and on all Thursdays the ISO week-numbering year number is always equal to the Gregorian year number.
The ISO 8601 definition for week 01 is the week with the year's first Thursday in it. Mutually equivalent definitions would be possible based on the following properties of this week:
If 1 January is on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday, it is in week 01. If 1 January is on a Friday, it is part of week 53 of the previous year; if on a Saturday, it is part of week 52 (or 53 if the previous year was a leap year); if on a Sunday, it is part of week 52 of the previous year.
The last week of the ISO week-numbering year, i.e. the 52nd or 53rd one, is the week before week 01. This week’s properties are:
If 31 December is on a Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, it is in week 01 of the next year. If it is on a Thursday, it is in week 53 of the year just ending; if on a Friday it is in week 52 (or 53 if the year just ending is a leap year); if on a Saturday or Sunday, it is in week 52 of the year just ending.

The long years, with 53 weeks in them, can be described by any of the following equivalent definitions:
All other week-numbering years are short years and have 52 weeks.
The number of weeks in a given year is equal to the corresponding week number of 28 December.
On average, a year has 53 weeks every 5.6338… years (= 7 / [365.2425 − 52×7] = 400 / 71).
The following 71 years in a 400-year cycle (add 2000 for current years) have 53 weeks (leap years, with February 29, are emphasized), years not listed have 52 weeks:
These long ISO years are 43 times 6 years apart, 27 times 5 years apart, and once 7 years apart (between years 296 and 303).
The Gregorian years corresponding to these 71 long years can be subdivided as follows:
The Gregorian years corresponding to the other 329 short ISO years (neither starting nor ending with Thursday) can also be subdivided as follows:
Thus, within a 400-year cycle:
The ISO standard does not define any association of weeks to months. A date is either expressed with a month and day-of-the-month, or with a week and day-of-the-week, never a mix.
Weeks are a prominent entity in accounting where annual statistics benefit from regularity throughout the years. Therefore in practice usually a fixed length of 13 weeks per quarter is chosen which is then subdivided into 5 + 4 + 4 weeks, 4 + 5 + 4 weeks or 4 + 4 + 5 weeks. The final quarter has 14 weeks in it when there are 53 weeks in the year.
When it is necessary to allocate a week to a single month, the rule for first week of the year might be applied, although ISO 8601 does not consider this case. The resulting pattern would be irregular. The only 4 months (or 5 in a long year) of 5 weeks would be those with at least 29 days starting on Thursday, those with at least 30 days starting on Wednesday, and those with 31 days starting on Tuesday.
For all years, 8 days have a fixed ISO week number (between 01 and 08) in January and February. And with the exception of leap years starting on Thursday, dates with fixed week numbers occurs on all months of the year (for 1 day of each ISO week 01 to 52) :
During leap years starting on Thursday (i.e. the 13 years number 004, 032, 060, 088, 128, 156, 184, 224, 252, 280, 320, 348, 376 in a 400-year cycle), the ISO week numbers are incremented by 1 from March to the rest of the year (this last occurred in 1976 and 2004 and will not occur before 2032; these exceptions are happening between years that are most often 28 years apart, or 40 years apart for 3 pairs of successive years: from year 088 to 128, from year 184 to 224, and from year 280 to 320).
The day of the week for these days are related to Doomsday because for any year, the Doomsday is the day of the week that the last day of February falls on. These dates are one day after the Doomsdays, except that in January and February of leap years the dates themselves are Doomsdays. In leap years the week number is the rank number of its Doomsday.


The pairs 02/41, 03/42, 04/43, 05/44, 15/28, 16/29, 37/50, 38/51 and triplets 06/10/45, 07/11/46, 08/12/47 have the same days of the month in common years. Of these, the pairs 10/45, 11/46, 12/47, 15/28, 16/29, 37/50 and 38/51 share their days also in leap years. Leap years also have triplets 03/15/28, 04/16/29 and pairs 06/32, 07/33, 08/34.
The weeks 09, 19–26, 31 and 35 never share their days of the month with any other week of the same year.
The year number of the ISO week very often differs from the Gregorian year number for dates close to 1 January. For example, 29 December 2014 is ISO 2015-W1-1, i.e., it is in year 2015 instead of 2014. A programming bug confusing these two year numbers is probably the cause of some Android users of Twitter unable to login around midnight of 29 December 2014 UTC. [1]
Solar astronomic phenomena, such as equinox and solstice, vary over a range of at least seven days. This is because each equinox and solstice may occur any day of the week and hence on at least seven different ISO week dates. For example, there are spring equinoxes on 2004-W12-7 and 2010-W11-7.
The ISO week calendar relies on the Gregorian calendar, which it augments, to define the new year day (Monday of week 01). As a result, leap weeks are spread across the 400-year cycle in a complex, seemingly random pattern. There is no simple algorithm to determine whether a year has 53 weeks without tabular lookup. Most calendar reform proposals using leap week calendars are simpler in this regard, although they may choose a different leap cycle.
Not all parts of the world have a work week that begins with Monday. For example, in some Muslim countries, the work week may begin on Saturday, while in Israel it may begin on Sunday. In the US the work week is often defined to start on Monday, although the week itself is usually considered to start on Sunday.
The week number of any date can be calculated, given its ordinal date (i.e. position within the year) and its day of the week. If the ordinal date is not known, it can be computed by any of several methods; perhaps the most direct is a table such as the following.
Method: Using ISO weekday numbers (running from 1 for Monday to 7 for Sunday), subtract the weekday from the ordinal date, then add 10. Divide the result by 7. Ignore the remainder; the quotient equals the week number. If the week number thus obtained equals 0, it means that the given date belongs to the preceding (week-based) year. If a week number of 53 is obtained, one must check that the date is not actually in week 1 of the following year.
Example: Friday 26 September 2008
This method requires that one know the weekday of 4 January of the year in question.[2] Add 3 to the number of this weekday, giving a correction to be used for dates within this year.
Method: Multiply the week number by 7, then add the weekday. From this sum subtract the correction for the year. The result is the ordinal date, which can be converted into a calendar date using the table in the preceding section. If the ordinal date thus obtained is zero or negative, the date belongs to the previous calendar year; if greater than the number of days in the year, to the following year.
Example: year 2008, week 39, Saturday (day 6)
For an overview of week numbering systems see week number.
The US system has weeks from Sunday through Saturday, and partial weeks at the beginning and the end of the year, i.e. always 53 weeks. An advantage is that no separate year numbering like the ISO year is needed. Correspondence of lexicographical order and chronological order is preserved (just like with the ISO year-week-weekday numbering), but partial weeks make some computations of weekly statistics or payments inaccurate at end of December or beginning of January.
A variant of this US scheme groups the possible 1 to 6 days of December remaining in the last week of the Gregorian year within week 1 in January of the next Gregorian year, to make it a full week, bringing a system with accounting years having also 52 or 53 weeks and only the last 6 days of December may be counted as part of another year than the Gregorian year.
The US broadcast calendar counts the week containing 1 January as the first of the year, but otherwise works like ISO week numbering without partial weeks.


--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/How_to_contribute

--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Project:General_disclaimer

MEDIAWIKI.org MAKES NO GUARANTEE OF VALIDITY
MediaWiki.org at http://www.mediawiki.org/ is the online home of and the first access point for information about the software MediaWiki. The community working here is a voluntary association of individuals and groups who are developing an open-content common resource of different media and human technical knowledge. The structure of this site, which is a wiki, allows anyone with an Internet connection and World Wide Web browser to alter the content found here. Therefore, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by professionals with the expertise necessary to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.
That is not to say that you will not find valuable and accurate information on MediaWiki.org; much of the time you will. However, MediaWiki.org cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given information may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields.
We are working on ways to select and highlight reliable versions of information articles. Our active community of editors uses tools such as the Special:Recentchanges and Special:Newpages feeds to monitor new and changing content. However, MediaWiki.org is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or engage in casual review, they have no legal duty to do so and thus all information read here is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever. Even articles that have been vetted by informal review may later have been edited inappropriately, just before you view them.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual MediaWiki.org contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of MediaWiki or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
There is no agreement or understanding between you and MediaWiki.org regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL); neither is anyone at MediaWiki.org responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on MediaWiki.org or any of its associated projects.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of MediaWiki.org are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these MediaWiki.org articles under the GFDL licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated MediaWiki.org and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such MediaWiki.org can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Publication of information found on MediaWiki.org may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The MediaWiki database is stored on servers in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. MediaWiki.org does not encourage the violation of any laws; and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce, or republish the information contained herein.
Thank you for spending the time to read this page, and please enjoy your experience at MediaWiki.org.

--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Project:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Project:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Project:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Project:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Project:About
This wiki is for the documentation, discussion and development of the MediaWiki software, the software which powers websites like Wikipedia and other projects of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation, as well as many other wikis around the world. It is kindly hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation.
All textual content of MediaWiki.org is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License (CC-BY-SA) and the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL), except for pages that explicitly state that their contents are in the public domain. See Project:Copyrights for full details.


MediaWiki.org has only one topic: the wiki engine MediaWiki.
This site includes descriptions of and tutorials for the MediaWiki software. If you are looking to write a free manual for other software, have a look at Wikibooks, which is a sister-project that is suited for such things.
Discussion about Wikimedia projects in general should go to Meta-Wiki.
Even though there are some pages in other languages, English is the main language on this site. Translation efforts are needed.
The first edit in the current wiki on this site happened in August 2004. All the content still is and, of course, will be work in progress. For more about the software history see MediaWiki history.
Please see Communication.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Project:About
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/108.24.165.64


This is the contributions page for an IP user, identified by the user's numerical IP address. Some IP addresses change periodically, and may be shared by several users. If you are an IP user, you may create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other IP users. Registering also hides your IP address. [IP lookup · RBLs · Geolocate · Rangeblock finder · Global Blocks · Global contributions] · [RIRs: America · Europe · Africa · Asia-Pacific · Latin America/Caribbean]

--URL: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regional_Internet_registry
A regional Internet registry (RIR) is an organization that manages the allocation and registration of Internet number resources within a particular region of the world. Internet number resources include IP addresses and autonomous system (AS) numbers.
The Regional Internet Registry system evolved over time, eventually dividing the world into five RIRs:


Regional Internet Registries are components of the Internet Number Registry System, which is described in IETF RFC 7020.[6] The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) delegates Internet resources to the RIRs who, in turn, follow their regional policies to delegate resources to their customers, which include Internet service providers and end-user organizations. Collectively, the RIRs participate in the Number Resource Organization (NRO),[7] formed as a body to represent their collective interests, undertake joint activities, and coordinate their activities globally. The NRO has entered into an agreement with ICANN for the establishment of the Address Supporting Organisation (ASO),[8] which undertakes coordination of global IP addressing policies within the ICANN framework.
The Number Resource Organization[7] (NRO) is an unincorporated organization uniting the five RIRs. It came into existence on October 24, 2003, when the four existing RIRs entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in order to undertake joint activities, including joint technical projects, liaison activities and policy co-ordination.
AfriNIC, which was officially created in April 2005, joined on April 25, 2005.
The main aims of the NRO are to:

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E5%8C%BA%E5%9F%9F%E4%BA%92%E8%81%94%E7%BD%91%E6%B3%A8%E5%86%8C%E7%AE%A1%E7%90%86%E6%9C%BA%E6%9E%84
区域互联网注册管理机构（Regional Internet Registry，RIR），是管理世界上某特定地区Internet资源的组织。Internet资源包括IP地址（包含IPv4和IPv6）和使用在BGP路由中的自治系统号（Autonomous System number）。
现在世界上有五个正在运作的区域互联网注册管理机构：


每个连接到符合IP协议网络的设备都需要一个IP地址。IP地址和自治系统号是有限的资源。这意味着它们终有一天会消耗完。这就需要一个有效率和中立的管理机构来管理这些资源以确保能公平地分配IP地址和自治系统号，从而防止资源的囤积。
互联网地址分配机构 (IANA)将网络资源委任区域互联网注册管理机构管理，然后相对的，为了未来能进一步地再委任ISP和最终用户的资源，区域互联网注册管理机构遵循着他们的区域政策。总体上来说，区域互联网注册管理机构和号码资源组织(NRO)[6]组成了一个整体，以代表他们的利益，并采取联合行动，协调它们在全球范围内的活动。 NRO与ICANN签订协议创立地址支持组织（Address Supporting Organisation），从而在ICANN的框架内开展协调全球IP寻址的政策。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E
一般声明 - 风险声明 - 医学声明 - 法律声明 - 内容声明
维基百科是内容开放的在线的百科全书，它是由个人和团体自发组成的，是一个发展中的人类知识的共有资源。这个组织允许任何人通过因特网联接和万维网浏览器在这里创建和修改内容。因此，请注意您在这里找到的内容并没有任何相关领域的专家和专业人员在维基百科上对内容的完善性、正确性或可靠性进行必要的审查。
这并不是说您在维基百科上找不到有价值的和正确的信息，但是请注意维基百科不能保证无论以什么方式在这里找到的信息的有效性。它可能在最近已经被修改、破坏，或者有人对它所感兴趣的知识的某些陈述的看法不一致而进行了改变。我们的工作方式是挑选和批准条目的“可信版本”。这些文章现在放在Wikipedia:特色条目中，但是这些文章可能在您浏览前刚刚被修改过。
请确认您了解到，您从这里所获得的信息都是自由、免费的，而且您没有与任何人有契约关系，无论是本站的使用者、所有者、服务器提供商、任何维基百科参与者个人、管理员，还是其他任何与本计划及相关计划有直接或间接关系的个人或团体。在一个有条件的许可之下，您可以从本站复制任何内容，但是维基百科或它的代理人、成员、组织者或其他用户都不承担任何责任。
在维基百科的条目中所使用或引用的商标、服务标记、图案版权、隐私权或其他类似的权利都归其拥有者所有。将他们用于这里并不意味着你可以将它们用于其它目的。
请注意您在这里所找到的信息有可能违反了您所在国家或地区的法律。维基百科并不鼓励任何人触犯法律，但是由于这些信息都是储存在一台位于美国佛罗里达州的服务器中，任何的内容都是受到诸如美国宪法修正案第一条及其他当地法律的保护。您所在国家法律所保护的言论自由范围可能没有像美国法律的精神那么广泛，因此如果您使用或链接本站内的任何信息，维基百科无法为可能带来的违法行为负责。
所导致的任何伤害都不应该构成对维基百科的指控，因为维基百科是一个由自愿个人所组成的松散组织，以创造各种内容开放的在线教育、文化和信息资源为目标。在这里的资料是无偿提供给您的，在有关您超越CC-BY-SA 3.0协议和GNU自由文档许可证的范围使用或修改这些内容上，您与维基百科之间没有协议或共识；如果其他人修改您发表在维基百科或相关计划上的文章，与维基百科有关的任何人士也都不负任何责任。
非常感谢您花时间阅读这个页面，请您尽情享受在维基百科的体验。


--URL: http://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E4%B8%80%E8%88%AC%E5%85%8D%E8%B2%AC%E8%81%B2%E6%98%8E
一般免責聲明 – 風險聲明 – 醫藥聲明 – 法律聲明 – 內容聲明
維基百科係網上內容公開嘅一部合作百科全書，係發展人類同享知識嘅志願組織。 呢項計劃嘅結構畀任何上到互聯網嘅人修改佢嘅內容。 請你明白：呢度無嘢真係一定被有專業知識嘅人審過；呢度啲料未必完備、準或者可靠。
That is not to say that you will not find valuable and accurate information in Wikipedia; much of the time you will. However, Wikipedia cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given article may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields.
We are working on ways to select and highlight reliable versions of articles. Our active community of editors uses tools such as the Special:Recentchanges and Special:Newpages feeds to monitor new and changing content. However, Wikipedia is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or engage in casual peer review, they have no legal duty to do so and thus all information read here is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever. Even articles that have been vetted by informal peer review or featured article processes may later have been edited inappropriately, just before you view them.
None of the contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual Wikipedia contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikipedia or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
There is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikipedia regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL); neither is anyone at Wikipedia responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on Wikipedia or any of its associated projects.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of the Wikipedia encyclopedia are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the GFDL licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated Wikipedia and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such Wikipedia cannot grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Publication of information found in Wikipedia may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The Wikipedia database is stored on a server in the State of Florida in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. Wikipedia does not encourage the violation of any laws; and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce, or republish the information contained herein.
If you need specific advice (for example, medical, legal, financial, or risk management) please seek a professional who is licensed or knowledgeable in that area.

--URL: http://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E9%97%9C%E6%96%BC
老友！歡迎你嚟到維基百科，呢度係一本內容開放嘅百科全書。
維基百科全書係本內容開放嘅百科全書。佢嘅目標就係收納人類所有領域嘅知識。粵語維基百科響2006年3月25號開始運作，而家已經有三萬五千九百八十九篇文，而且重唔停噉增加添。維基百科嘅內容可以俾人複製，修改同埋再發佈，只要新嘅版本都同樣跟住我哋嘅許可，並且寫明係嚟自維基百科就得喇。維基百科上嘅文章由始至終都係保持自由。希望維基百科能夠幫到你。介紹維基百科畀你啲朋友啦!
重有，維基百科全書亦係一本用萬國語言寫成嘅百科全書。英文維基百科響2001年1月開始，而家就已經有超過 2,761,289 篇文章。維基百科全書重有其他唔同國家嘅語言版本，若果你需要用其他語言嘅文本，請去首頁下面搵吓。
維基百科用WikiWiki技術，任何人都可以編輯，而全部修改都紀錄晒。粵語維基百科嘅內容由呢個網站嘅所有人一齊寫，我哋相信佢將會響大家嘅無私奉獻下繼續完善。歡迎你一齊參與撰寫維基百科全書嘅工作，自由噉體會寫嘢嘅樂趣，同大家分享你獨到嘅知識同埋經驗。
呢篇文簡介點用同編粵語維基百科；請撳啲藍字嚟睇詳細內容。如果想睇更詳細嘅內容就請去Help同社區大堂。若果有問題嘅就可以去城市論壇搵人幫手。

--URL: http://yo.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:N%C3%ADpa_Wikipedia
Wikipedia (pípè /ˌwiːkiˈpiːdiə/ or /ˌwɪkɨˈpiːdiə/) is a multilingual, Web-based, free-content encyclopedia project based mostly on anonymous contributions. The name "Wikipedia" is a portmanteau of the words wiki (a type of collaborative Web site) and encyclopedia. Wikipedia's articles provide links to guide the user to related pages with additional information.
Wikipedia is written collaboratively by an international (and mostly anonymous) group of volunteers. Anyone with internet access can write and make changes to Wikipedia articles. There are no requirements to provide one's real name when contributing; rather, each writer's privacy is protected unless they choose to reveal their identity themselves. Since its creation in 2001, Wikipedia has grown rapidly into one of the largest reference web sites, attracting around 65 million visitors monthly as of 2009. There are more than 75,000 active contributors working on more than 13,000,000 articles in more than 260 languages. As of today, there are 31,028 articles in English. Every day, hundreds of thousands of visitors from around the world collectively make tens of thousands of edits and create thousands of new articles to augment the knowledge held by the Wikipedia encyclopedia. (See also: Wikipedia:Statistics.)
Visitors do not need specialized qualifications to contribute. Wikipedia's intent is to have articles that cover existing knowledge, not create new knowledge (original research). This means that people of all ages and cultural and social backgrounds can write Wikipedia articles. Most of the articles can be edited by anyone with access to the Internet, simply by clicking the edit this page link. Anyone is welcome to add information, cross-references, or citations, as long as they do so within Wikipedia's editing policies and to an appropriate standard. Substandard or disputed information is subject to removal. Users need not worry about accidentally damaging Wikipedia when adding or improving information, as other editors are always around to advise or correct obvious errors, and Wikipedia's software is carefully designed to allow easy reversal of editorial mistakes.
Because Wikipedia is an ongoing work to which, in principle, anybody can contribute, it differs from a paper-based reference source in important ways. In particular, older articles tend to be more comprehensive and balanced, while newer articles more frequently contain significant misinformation, unencyclopedic content, or vandalism. Users need to be aware of this to obtain valid information and avoid misinformation that has been recently added and not yet removed (see Researching with Wikipedia for more details). However, unlike a paper reference source, Wikipedia is continually updated, with the creation or updating of articles on topical events within seconds, minutes, or hours, rather than months or years for printed encyclopedias.
What Wikipedia is not will give an understanding of how to consult or contribute to Wikipedia. Further information on key topics appears below. Further advice is at Frequently asked questions, advice for parents, or see Where to ask questions. For help with editing and other issues, see Help:Contents.


Wikipedia was founded as an offshoot of Nupedia, a now-abandoned project to produce a free encyclopedia. Nupedia had an elaborate system of peer review and required highly qualified contributors, but the writing of articles was slow. During 2000, Jimmy Wales, founder of Nupedia, and Larry Sanger, whom Wales had employed to work on the project, discussed ways of supplementing Nupedia with a more open, complementary project. Multiple sources are suggested for the idea that a wiki might allow members of the public to contribute material, and Nupedia's first wiki went online on January 10, 2001.
There was considerable resistance on the part of Nupedia's editors and reviewers to the idea of associating Nupedia with a Web site in the wiki format, so the new project was given the name "Wikipedia" and launched on its own domain, wikipedia.com, on January 15 (now called "Wikipedia Day" by some users). The bandwidth and server (in San Diego) were donated by Wales. Other current and past Bomis employees who have worked on the project include Tim Shell, one of the cofounders of Bomis and its current CEO, and programmer Jason Richey. The domain was eventually changed to the present wikipedia.org when the not-for-profit Wikimedia Foundation was launched as its new parent organization, prompting the use of a ".org" domain to denote its non-commercial nature. In March 2007, the word wiki became a newly recognized English word.[1]
In May 2001, a wave of non-English Wikipedias was launched—in Catalan, Chinese, Dutch, Esperanto, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, and Swedish. These were soon joined by Arabic and Hungarian.[2] In September,[3] Polish was added, and further commitment to the multilingual provision of Wikipedia was made. At the end of the year, Afrikaans, Norwegian, and Serbocroatian versions were announced.
Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the not-for-profit Wikimedia Foundation, which has created an entire family of free-content projects. On all of these projects, the contributor is welcome to be bold and to edit articles, contributing knowledge in a collaborative way.
Most of Wikipedia's text and many of its images are dual-licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License (CC-BY-SA) and the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) (unversioned, with no invariant sections, front-cover texts, or back-cover texts). Some text has been imported only under CC-BY-SA and CC-BY-SA-compatible license and cannot be reused under GFDL; such text will be identified either on the page footer, in the page history or the discussion page of the article that utilizes the text. Every image has a description page which indicates the license under which it is released or, if it is non-free, the rationale under which it is used.
Contributions remain the property of their creators, while the CC-BY-SA and GFDL licenses ensure the content is freely distributable and reproducible. (See the copyright notice and the content disclaimer for more information.)
Anyone with Web access can edit Wikipedia, and this openness encourages inclusion of a tremendous amount of content. About 75,000 editors—from expert scholars to casual readers—regularly edit Wikipedia, and these experienced editors often help to create a consistent style throughout the encyclopedia, following our Manual of Style.
Several mechanisms are in place to help Wikipedia members carry out the important work of crafting a high-quality resource while maintaining civility. Editors are able to watch pages and techies can write editing programs to keep track of or rectify bad edits. Over 1,500 administrators with special powers ensure that behaviour conforms to Wikipedia guidelines and policies. Where there are disagreements on how to present facts, editors work together to arrive at an article that fairly represents current expert opinion on the subject. The administrators can temporarily or permanently ban editors of Wikipedia who fail to work with others in a civil manner.
Although the Wikimedia Foundation owns the site, it is largely uninvolved in writing and daily operations.
Many visitors come to Wikipedia to acquire knowledge, others to share knowledge. At this very instant, dozens of articles are being improved, and new articles are also being created. Changes can be viewed at the Recent changes page and a random page at random articles. Over 2,000 articles have been designated by the Wikipedia community as featured articles, exemplifying the best articles in the encyclopedia. Another 7,000 articles are designated as good articles. Some information on Wikipedia is organized into lists; the best of these are designated as featured lists. Wikipedia also has portals, which organize content around topic areas; our best portals are selected as featured portals. Articles can be found using search using the search box on the left side of the screen.
Wikipedia is available in languages other than English. Wikipedia has more than two hundred languages (see other language versions), including a Simple English version, and related projects include a dictionary, quotations, books, manuals, and scientific reference sources, and a news service (see sister projects). All of these are maintained, updated, and managed by separate communities, and often include information and articles that can be hard to find through other common sources.
Wikipedia articles are all linked, or cross-referenced. When highlighted text like this is seen, it means there is a link to some relevant article or Wikipedia page with further in-depth information elsewhere. Holding the mouse over the link will often show to where the link will lead. The reader is always one click away from more information on any point that has a link attached. There are other links towards the ends of most articles, for other articles of interest, relevant external Web sites and pages, reference material, and organized categories of knowledge which can be searched and traversed in a loose hierarchy for more information. Some articles may also have links to dictionary definitions, audio-book readings, quotations, the same article in other languages, and further information available on our sister projects. Further links can be added if a relevant link is missing, and this is one way to contribute.
As a wiki, articles are never complete. They are continually edited and improved over time. In general, this results in an upward trend of quality and a growing consensus over a neutral representation of information.
Users should be aware that not all articles are of encyclopedic quality from the start: they may contain false or debatable information. Indeed, many articles start their lives as partisan; and, after a long process of discussion, debate, and argument, they gradually take on a neutral point of view reached through consensus. Others may, for a while, become caught up in a heavily unbalanced viewpoint which can take some time—months perhaps—to achieve better balanced coverage of their subject. In part, this is because editors often contribute content in which they have a particular interest and do not attempt to make each article that they edit comprehensive. However, eventually, additional editors expand and contribute to articles and strive to achieve balance and comprehensive coverage. In addition, Wikipedia operates a number of internal resolution processes that can assist when editors disagree on content and approach. Usually, the editors eventually reach a consensus on ways to improve the article.
The ideal Wikipedia article is well-written, balanced, neutral, and encyclopedic, containing comprehensive, notable, verifiable knowledge. An increasing number of articles reach this standard over time, and many already have. Our best articles are called Featured Articles (and display a small star in the upper right corner of the article), and our second best tier of articles are designated Good Articles. However, this is a process and can take months or years to be achieved, as each user adds their contribution in turn. Some articles contain statements which have not yet been fully cited. Others will later be augmented with new sections. Some information will be considered by later contributors to be insufficiently founded and, therefore, may be removed or expounded.
While the overall trend is toward improvement, it is important to use Wikipedia carefully if it is intended to be used as a research source, since individual articles will, by their nature, vary in quality and maturity. Guidelines and information pages are available to help users and researchers do this effectively, as is an article that summarizes third-party studies and assessments of the reliability of Wikipedia.
Wikipedia has advantages over traditional paper encyclopedias. Wikipedia has a very low "publishing" cost for adding or expanding entries and a low environmental impact, since it need never be printed. In addition, Wikipedia has wikilinks instead of in-line explanations and it incorporates overview summaries (article introductions) with the extensive detail of a full article. Additionally, the editorial cycle is short. A paper encyclopedia stays the same until the next edition, whereas editors can update Wikipedia at any instant, around the clock, to help ensure that articles stay abreast of the most recent events and scholarship.
Àdàkọ:Seealso
Wikipedia's greatest strengths, weaknesses, and differences all arise because it is open to anyone, it has a large contributor base, and its articles are written by consensus, according to editorial guidelines and policies.
That said, articles and subject areas sometimes suffer from significant omissions, and while misinformation and vandalism are usually corrected quickly, this does not always happen. (See for example this incident in which a person inserted a fake biography linking a prominent journalist to the Kennedy assassinations and Soviet Russia as a joke on a co-worker which went undetected for four months, saying afterwards he "didn’t know Wikipedia was used as a serious reference tool.") Therefore, a common conclusion is that it is a valuable resource and provides a good reference point on its subjects.
The MediaWiki software that runs Wikipedia retains a history of all edits and changes, thus information added to Wikipedia never "vanishes". Discussion pages are an important resource on contentious topics. Therefore, serious researchers can often find a wide range of vigorously or thoughtfully advocated viewpoints not present in the consensus article. Like any source, information should be checked. A 2005 editorial by a BBC technology writer comments that these debates are probably symptomatic of new cultural learnings that are happening across all sources of information (including search engines and the media), namely "a better sense of how to evaluate information sources."[4]
Àdàkọ:Disclaimers
Wikipedia disclaimers apply to all pages on Wikipedia.
Wikipedia, in common with many Web sites, has a disclaimer that, at times, has led to commentators citing these in order to support a view that Wikipedia is unreliable. A selection of similar disclaimers from places which are often regarded as reliable (including sources such as Encyclopædia Britannica, Associated Press, and the Oxford English Dictionary) can be read and compared at Non-Wikipedia disclaimers. Wikipedia content advisories can also be found here.
Anyone can contribute to Wikipedia by clicking on the Edit this page tab in an article. Before beginning to contribute however, read some handy helping tools such as the tutorial and the policies and guidelines, as well as our welcome page. It is important to realize that in contributing to Wikipedia, users are expected to be civil and neutral, respecting all points of view, and only add verifiable and factual information rather than personal views and opinions. "The five pillars of Wikipedia" cover this approach and are recommended reading before editing. (Vandals are reported via the Administrator Notice Board and may be temporarily blocked from editing Wikipedia.)
Most articles start as stubs, but after many contributions, they can become featured articles. Once the contributor has decided a topic of interest, they may want to request that the article be written (or they could research the issue and write it themselves). Wikipedia has on-going projects, focused on specific topic areas or tasks, which help coordinate editing.
Wikipedia uses a simple yet powerful page layout to allow editors to concentrate on adding material rather than page design. These include automatic sections and subsections, automatic references and cross-references, image and table inclusion, indented and listed text, links, ISBNs, and math, as well as usual formatting elements and most world alphabets and common symbols. Most of these have simple formats that are deliberately very easy and intuitive.
The page layout consists of tabs along the top of the window. These are:
Wikipedia has robust version and reversion controls. This means that poor-quality edits or vandalism can quickly and easily be reversed or brought up to an appropriate standard by any other editor, so inexperienced editors cannot accidentally do permanent harm if they make a mistake in their editing. As there are many more editors intent on improving articles than not, error-ridden articles are usually corrected promptly.
Wikipedia content is intended to be factual, notable, verifiable with cited external sources, and neutrally presented.
The appropriate policies and guidelines for these are found at:
These are often abbreviated to WP:NOT, WP:NPOV, WP:NOR, WP:V, WP:RS, WP:CITE, and WP:MOS respectively.
The Wikipedia community is largely self-organising, so that anyone may build a reputation as a competent editor and become involved in any role he/she may choose, subject to peer approval. Individuals often will choose to become involved in specialised tasks, such as reviewing articles at others' request, watching current edits for vandalism, watching newly created articles for quality control purposes, or similar roles. Editors who find that editorial administrator responsibility would benefit their ability to help the community may ask their peers in the community for agreement to undertake such roles; a structure which enforces meritocracy and communal standards of editorship and conduct. At present, around a 75–80% approval rating after enquiry is considered the requirement for such a role, a standard which tends to ensure a high level of experience, trust, and familiarity across a broad front of aspects within Wikipedia.
A variety of software-assisted systems and automated programs help several hundred editors to watch for problematic edits and editors. An arbitration committee sits at the top of all editorial and editor conduct disputes,[5] and its members are elected in three regularly rotated tranches by an established enquiry and decision-making process in which all regular editors can equally participate.
Theoretically all editors and users are treated equally with no "power structure". There is, however a hierarchy of permissions:
Jimmy Wales, technically a Steward, in 2009 was moved to a new user access group called Founder, but does not expect to be treated any differently than any other editor.
Wikipedia has a rich set of methods to handle most abuses that commonly arise. These methods are well-tested and should be relied upon.
In addition, brand new users (until they have established themselves a bit) may at the start find that their votes are given less weight by editors in some informal polls, in order to prevent abuse of single-purpose accounts.
As well as systems to catch and control substandard and vandalistic edits, Wikipedia also has a full style and content manual and a variety of positive systems for continual article review and improvement. Examples of the processes include peer review, good article assessment, and the featured article process, a rigorous review of articles that are intended to meet the highest standards and showcase Wikipedia's capability to produce high-quality work.
In addition, specific types of article or fields often have their own specialized and comprehensive projects, assessment processes (such as biographical article assessment), and expert reviewers within specific subjects. Nominated articles are also frequently the subject of specific focus under projects such as the Neutrality Project or are covered under editorial drives by groups such as the Cleanup Taskforce.
Wikipedia uses MediaWiki software, the open-source program used not only on Wikimedia projects but also on many other third-party Web sites. The hardware supporting the Wikimedia projects is based on several hundred servers in various hosting centers around the world. Full descriptions of these servers and their roles are available on this meta page. For technical information about Wikipedia, check Technical FAQs. Wikipedia publishes various types of metadata; and, across its pages, are many thousands of microformats.
Wikipedia is run as a communal effort. It is a community project whose result is an encyclopedia. Feedback about content should, in the first instance, be raised on the discussion pages of those articles. Be bold and edit the pages to add information or correct mistakes.
There is an established escalation-and-dispute process within Wikipedia, as well as pages designed for questions, feedback, suggestions, and comments:
See also:
Facilities for help for users researching specific topics can be found at:
Because of the nature of Wikipedia, it is encouraged that people looking for information should try to find it themselves in the first instance. If, however, information is found to be missing from Wikipedia, be bold and add it so others can gain.
For specific discussion not related to article content or editor conduct, see the Village pump, which covers such subjects as announcements, policy and technical discussion, and information on other specialized portals such as the help, reference and peer review desks. The Community Portal is a centralized place to find things to do, collaborations, and general editing help information, and find out what is happening.
For more information, the first place to go is the Help:Contents. To contact individual contributors, leave a message on their talk page. Standard places to ask policy and project-related questions are the village pump, online, and the Wikipedia mailing lists, over e-mail. Reach other Wikipedians via IRC and e-mail.
In addition, the Wikimedia Foundation meta-wiki, a site for coordinating the various Wikipedia projects and sister projects (and abstract discussions of policy and direction). Also available are places for submitting bug reports and feature requests.
For a full list of contact options, see Wikipedia:Contact us.
Àdàkọ:Wikipedialang


--URL: http://yo.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%C3%8Ck%C3%ACl%E1%BB%8D%CC%80_gbogbo
WIKIPEDIA KÒ NÍ ÌDÁLÓJÚ FÚN ÀWỌN ÀKÓÓNÚ RẸ̀

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%A3%D0%BC%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B8_%D0%B2%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%BD%D1%8F
Відмова від відповідальності
Попри те, що користувачі можуть виправляти помилки чи помилкові дані, вони не зобов'язані цього робити. Тому вся інформація надається без гарантії корисності для будь-якої мети чи придатності для будь-якого використання.
Ніхто з авторів, учасників, спонсорів, адміністраторів, операторів та осіб, які ще якось пов'язані з Вікіпедією, не відповідає за появу неточної інформації, а також за використання Вами даних, які містяться на цих веб-сторінках чи на веб-сторінках, на які вони посилаються.

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D1%96%D1%82%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%84%D1%96%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B9%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D1%96
Ці правила затверджені Радою повірників фонду Вікімедія у червні 2006 року й офіційно набули чинності з 1 липня. Обговорення й пропозиції вітаються на відповідній сторінці.


Якщо ви просто переглядаєте сайти проектів Вікіпедія, про вас збирається не більше інформації, ніж збирається в протоколах роботи середньостатистичного сервера в Інтернеті.
Коли ви пишете або редагуєте матеріали в проектах Вікіпедія, ви публікуєте кожне слово з того, що написали, і ця інформація буде зберігатися необмежений час. Це стосується статей, особистих сторінок користувачів і сторінок обговорень.
Просте відвідування веб-сайта не приводить до публічного розкриття вашої особистої інформації (однак див. Протоколювання унизу).
При редагуванні будь-якої сторінки цього вікі-проекту ви публікуєте документ. Це — публічна дія, і ви будете привселюдно визнані автором цього виправлення.
Ви можете представитись системі при публікації сторінки у вікі, а можете не представлятися.
Якщо ви представилися, ви будете ідентифікуватися вашим ім'ям користувача. Це може бути ваше справжнє ім'я (якщо ви цього хочете) або ви можете побажати публікуватися під псевдонімом — тим ім'ям, яким представилися при створенні облікового запису.
Якщо ви не представились системі, то будете ідентифікуватися за своєю IP-адресою. Залежно від вашого типу з'єднання, по цих числах ваше положення може бути відслідковано лише з точністю до великого інтернет-провайдера, або безпосередньо з точністю до вашого навчального закладу, місця роботи або будинку. Існує можливість, що джерело цієї IP-адреси в поєднанні з інтересами, виявленими вами прямо або побічно за допомогою редагування статей, навіть дозволять окремим особам пізнати вас.
Для зацікавлених осіб може виявитися складно або легко зв'язати вашу мережеву IP-адресу із вашою особистістю. Тому якщо ви сильно зацікавлені в конфіденційності, вам може бути зручно представитися системі й публікувати статті під псевдонімом.
Якщо ви використаєте псевдонім, то ваша IP-адреса не буде доступна стороннім, крім випадків зловживання, включаючи вандалізм вікі-сторінок, вчинений вами або іншим користувачем з тією ж самою IP-адресою. В будь-якому випадку, ваша IP-адреса буде збережена на серверах вікі на відносно короткий час і може бути доступна адміністраторам серверів, а також користувачам, яким надані права «CheckUser». Ваша IP-адреса, а також її зв'язок з обліковими записами, що використають, можуть бути розкриті за певних умов (див. нижче).
Якщо ви використовуєте поштовий сервер фірми, здійснюєте віддалений доступ до робочого комп'ютера з будинку або використовуєте DSL або пряме підключення до Інтернету — досить імовірно, що для вашого роботодавця буде дуже просто визначити вашу IP-адресу і знайти всі ваші виправлення у вікі, позначені цією IP-адресою. У цьому випадку використання псевдоніма — більш надійний спосіб зберегти свою конфіденційність. Однак не забувайте виходити із системи після того, як скористалися псевдонімом на загальнодоступному комп'ютері, щоб уникнути використання іншими вашого імені користувача.
Вікі встановлює на вашому комп'ютері куки для впізнання сеансу (PHPSESSI) щораз, коли Ви відвідуєте цей сайт. Якщо Ви не збираєтеся представлятися системі, то можете відмовитися від цієї можливості, однак без неї ви не зможете представитися системі. Ця інформація буде вилучена, коли ви закриєте сеанс свого браузера.
Коли ви представляєтеся системі, можуть встановлюватися додаткові кукі, що дозволяють уникнути повторного введення імені користувача (і, можливо, пароля) при наступному візиті. Ці кукі зберігаються до 30 днів. Ви можете стерти їх по закінченні сеансу, якщо використовуєте загальнодоступний комп'ютер і не бажаєте відкривати свій псевдонім наступним користувачам комп'ютера (у такому випадку вам також потрібно очистити кеш браузера).
Багато аспектів взаємодії учасників співтовариства вікі ґрунтуються на репутації й повазі, побудованих на історії корисних внесків. Паролі користувачів є єдиною гарантією цілісності історії виправлень користувача. Всім користувачам рекомендується вибирати складні паролі й ніколи їх не розголошувати. Ніхто не повинен навмисно представляти пароль на загальний огляд прямо або побічно.
При кожному відвідуванні веб-сторінок ви передаєте серверу багато інформації про себе. Більшість веб-серверів ведуть протоколювання частини цієї інформації з метою одержання відомостей про те, які сторінки популярні в користувачів і якими браузерами вони користуються. У проектах Вікімедія ця інформація не призначена для спостереження за сумлінними користувачами.
Ці протоколи переробляються в статистику сайтів, а повна інформація ніколи не публікується й звичайно знищується протягом двох тижнів.
Ось приклад інформації, що зберігає на сервері при перегляді користувачем однієї сторінки:
Дані із протоколів можуть проглядатися розробниками для вирішення технічних проблем, виявлення некоректно працюючих веб-павуків. IP-адреси користувачів із цих протоколів, а також з бази даних часто використаються для співвіднесення адрес різних учасників із псевдонімами при розслідуванні зловживань у виках-проектах, при підозрі в зловмисному користуванні «віртуалами» (додатковими обліковими записами), вандалізмі, образі інших користувачів, підриві функціональності вікі-проекту.
Офіційна політика фонду «Вікімедія» полягає в тому, що персоніфіковані дані із протоколів роботи сервера й інформація з бази даних (доступна процедурі перевірки користувачів CheckUser-ами) може розголошуватися системними адміністраторами й учасниками, що мають доступ до процедури перевірки користувачів, у наступних випадках:
Правила фонду Вікімедія забороняють розкриття подібної інформації, крім вищезгаданих випадків.

Якщо явно не зазначене зворотне, всі тексти, опубліковані в проектах фонду Вікімедія, можуть використатися ким завгодно на підставі ліцензії GFDL. Виключенням є матеріали проекту Вікіновини, розповсюджувані по ліцензії Creative Commons.
Фонд Вікімедія не буде ні продавати, ні надавати третій стороні ніяку особисту інформацію, наприклад, адресу електронної пошти, за винятком випадків, коли отримана ваша згода або розголошення такої інформації вимагає закон.
Фонд Вікімедія не гарантує неможливості несанкціонованого доступу до будь-якої повідомлюваної Вами інформації. Ця інформація може бути доступна кожному, хто має доступ до сервера, в основному це розробники, перелік яких можна знайти на сторінці Meta:developers.
Ви можете вказати свою адресу електронної пошти в налаштуваннях і дозволити іншим учасникам, що представилися системі, надсилати вам пошту за допомогою веб-інтерфейсу вікі (ви можете відключити цю можливість у налаштуваннях). Ваша адреса не буде розкрита користувачеві, що надіслав листа, за винятком випадків, коли повідомлення буде повернуто відправникові. Ця адреса може використатися фондом Вікімедія для зв'язку з користувачами в широких межах.
Не вказавши адресу електронної пошти, ви не зможете відновити свій пароль, якщо забудете його. Однак, ви можете зв'язатися із системними адміністраторами фонду й попросити їх вставити у ваші налаштувавання нову поштову адресу.
Ви можете у будь-який момент видалити з налаштувань свою адресу електронної пошти, для того, щоб вона більше не використовувалась.
Якщо ви підписалися на один з списків розсилання проекту — ваша адреса електронної пошти стане відомою будь-якому передплатникові. Архіви більшості списків розсилань Вікімедія загальнодоступні, і ваша адреса може там зустрітися, якщо його процитували в повідомленнях. Також розсилання архівуються службами Gmane й іншими. Звичайно повідомлення не видаляються й не змінюються, але це можливо зробити в надзвичайних випадках.
Повідомлення, отримані деякими адресами електронної пошти (див. нижче) можуть перенаправлятися за допомогою системи обробки заявок (наприклад, OTRS) команді добровольців, що мають довіру фонду, для прочитання й написання відповіді. Поштові повідомлення в цій системі не є загальнодоступними, але видні учасникам команди Вікімедія. Надіславши електронну пошту на одну із цих адрес, ви розкриєте свою адресу електронної пошти членам цієї групи. Учасники команди системи обробки заявок можуть обговорювати ці листи з іншими учасниками для того, щоб мати можливість відповісти вам щонайкраще.
Пошта, що прийшла на наступні адреси, перенаправляється в систему обробки заявок:
Пошта, що прийшла на адресу boardwikipedia.org або особисті поштові адреси членів ради фонду, також може перенаправлятися команді OTRS.
Канали IRC не є офіційною частиною проектів Вікімедія. Якщо ви приєднаєтеся до каналу IRC, то Ваша адреса може бути доступна іншим учасникам. У різних каналів є свої правила, що стосуються публікації балок.
Такі відомості про користувачів, як час, коли робилися виправлення й загальне число виправлень — загальнодоступні за допомогою сторінки «Внесок учасника», або публікуються іншими учасниками в обробленому вигляді.
Жодний вже створений обліковий запис користувача не буде вилучено. Ім'я облікового запису можна змінити (це залежить від правил, прийнятих у конкретному вікі-проекті, і кількості зроблених від імені цього облікового запису виправлень). Фонд Вікімедія не гарантує, що перейменування буде зроблено за вашим запитом.
Чи буде конкретна інформація про користувача вилучена, чи ні, залежить від правил проекту, у якому ця інформація перебуває.
Видалення тексту зі сторінок проектів Вікімедія не вилучає його назовсім. У звичайних статтях кожний може подивитися попередню версію й побачити, що там було. Якщо стаття «вилучена», то учасник із правами «адміністратора», тобто людина, про яку відомо, що він не зловживає можливістю видаляти статті, може подивитися, що було вилучено. Інформація може бути повністю вилучена особами, що мають доступ до сервера, але немає гарантії того, що це обов'язково буде виконано, якщо тільки цього не вимагає закон…


--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%A1%D0%BF%D0%B5%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%BD%D0%B0:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D1%81%D0%B8%D0%BB%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%BD%D1%8F_%D1%81%D1%8E%D0%B4%D0%B8/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D1%96%D1%82%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%84%D1%96%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D1%96%D0%B9%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D1%96
Наступні сторінки посилаються на Вікіпедія:Політика конфіденційності

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/Спеціальна:Посилання_сюди/Вікіпедія:Політика_конфіденційності
Наступні сторінки посилаються на Вікіпедія:Політика конфіденційності

--URL: http://uk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D1%96%D0%BA%D1%96%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D1%96%D1%8F:%D0%A0%D1%96%D0%B2%D0%BD%D1%96%D1%81%D1%82%D1%8C_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D1%82%D1%83%D0%B2%D0%B0%D1%87%D1%96%D0%B2
З самого початку Вікіпедія створювалася і розвивалася як вільна енциклопедія, в якій статті може редагувати будь-який користувач. Для того, щоб працювати над статтями у Вікіпедії навіть не потрібно реєструватися. Більш того, при роботі над статтями у Вікіпедії всі учасники мають рівні права. У деяких випадках права учасників можуть обмежуватися, але тільки для захисту Вікіпедії, а не для поділу учасників на перший сорт, другий і так далі; наприклад, у разі систематичного вандалізму в конкретній статті адміністратор може заборонити на якийсь час незареєстрованим учасникам вносити зміни до статті. При виникненні війни редагувань між зареєстрованими учасниками адміністратор може навіть заборонити всім неадміністраторам вносити зміни в статтю, але навіть тоді він не має права використовувати це блокування для зміни статті в відповідно до свого бачення.
Всі технічні відмінності між групами користувачів засновані на ступені довіри до користувача:
Зверніть увагу, що всі щаблі цієї ієрархії мають абсолютно однакові права при редагуванні статей. Тому:
Оскільки всі користувачів рівні, при роботі над статтями ніхто з них не має переваги. Немає таких постів, як «куратори» певних розділів або статей. А самі статті не належать тим, хто їх написав. У випадках, коли виникають розбіжності з приводу вмісту статей, єдиний шлях до їх розв'язання - досягнення консенсусу. Не треба звертатися до адміністраторів зі скаргами на суперечки про зміст статей: їх думка не має більшої ваги, ніж думка будь-якого іншого користувача. Правда, оскільки в адміністратори вибирають досвідчених і врівноважених користувачів, вони часто можуть дати ділову пораду, як досягти згоди.
Оскільки Вікіпедія - не демократія, простої більшості при вирішенні питань недостатньо і потрібно переважна підтримка спільноти, що зазвичай розглядається як 2 / 3 або ще більше. Пам'ятайте, що редагування, зроблені в порушення консенсусу, можуть розглядатися як вандалізм. Якщо ви не згодні з редагуваннями інших учасників, не варто їх відкочувати більше одного разу - краще підніміть це питання на сторінці обговорення статті. Якщо консенсус не досягнуто, дійте згідно з інструкціями з пам'ятки про вирішенні конфліктів: зверніться до посередництва і, якщо ви вважаєте, що інший користувач порушує будь-які правила чи рекомендації, винесіть обговорення його поведінки на розгляд спільноти на сторінці Вікіпедія:Запити до адміністраторів. У крайньому випадку, якщо нічого не допомогло, звертайтеся в арбітраж, але пам'ятайте, що він не встановлює правил, а тільки інтерпретує вже існуючі.

--URL: http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B4%D0%B8%D1%8F:%D0%A0%D0%B0%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE_%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B0%D1%81%D1%82%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B2
Хотя данное руководство в целом поддержано сообществом, однако некоторые частные формулировки могут не отражать консенсус.
С самого начала Википедия создавалась и развивалась как свободная энциклопедия, в которой статьи может редактировать любой участник. Для того чтобы работать над статьями в Википедии, даже не требуется регистрироваться. Более того, при работе над статьями в Википедии все участники имеют равные права. В некоторых случаях права участников могут ограничиваться, но только для защиты Википедии, а не для разделения участников на первый сорт, второй и так далее — например, в случае систематического вандализма в конкретной статье администратор может временно запретить внесение в статью изменений незарегистрированными участниками. При возникновении войны правок между зарегистрированными участниками администратор может даже запретить всем неадминистраторам вносить изменения в статью, но даже тогда он не имеет права использовать эту блокировку для изменения статьи в соответствии со своим ви́дением.
Поскольку все участники равны, при работе над статьями никто из них не имеет преимущества. Нет таких постов, как «кураторы» определённых разделов или статей. А сами статьи не принадлежат тем, кто их написал. В случаях, когда возникают разногласия по поводу содержимого статей, единственный путь к их разрешению — достижение консенсуса. Не надо обращаться к администраторам с жалобами на споры о содержании статей: их мнение не имеет бо́льшего веса, чем мнение любого другого участника. Правда, поскольку в администраторы выбирают опытных и уравновешенных участников, они зачастую могут дать дельный совет, как достигнуть согласия.
Поскольку Википедия — не демократия, простого большинства при решении вопросов недостаточно и требуется подавляющая поддержка сообщества, что обычно рассматривается как 2/3 или ещё больше. Помните, что правки, произведённые в нарушение консенсуса, могут рассматриваться как вандализм. Если вы не согласны с правками других участников, не стоит их откатывать более одного раза — лучше поднимите этот вопрос на странице обсуждения статьи. Если консенсус не достигнут, действуйте согласно инструкциям из памятки о разрешении конфликтов: обратитесь к посредничеству и, если вы считаете, что другой участник нарушает какие-либо правила или рекомендации, вынесите обсуждение его поведения на рассмотрение сообщества на странице Википедия:Вниманию участников. В крайнем случае, если ничего не помогло, обращайтесь в арбитраж, но помните, что он не устанавливает правил, а только интерпретирует уже существующие.
Все технические различия между группами пользователей основаны на степени доверия к пользователю:
Обратите внимание, что все ступени этой иерархии имеют абсолютно одинаковые права при редактировании статей. Поэтому:

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D0%B8%D1%82%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0_%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%84%D0%B8%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D0%B8%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8
Хотите помочь с переводом? Переведите недостающие сообщения.
Поскольку мы уверены, что для участия в движении свободных знаний вам не требуется предоставлять какую-либо персональную информацию о себе, вы можете:
Поскольку мы хотим лучше понимать, как используются сайты Викимедиа, чтобы мы могли улучшать их для вас, мы собираем некоторую информацию, когда вы:
Мы намерены:
Учтите, что:


Фонд Фикимедиа (Wikimedia Foundation) — некоммерческая организация, обеспечивающая работу ряда веб-сайтов, содержание которых относится к сфере свободных знаний и формируется добровольцами на основе совместной деятельности; это такие сайты, как Википедия, Викисклад и Викитека.
Эта политика объясняет, каким образом мы можем собирать, использовать и делиться вашей персональной информацией.
Используя сайты Викимедиа, вы соглашаетесь с данной Политикой.
Движение Викимедиа основано на простом, но мощном принципе: вместе мы сможем сделать больше, чем любой из нас смог бы в одиночку. Поскольку мы ищем новые пути для того, чтобы сделать сайты Викимедиа более удобными, безопасными и полезными, мы не можем организовать совместную работу без сбора, обмена и анализа информации о наших пользователях.
Мы уверены, что процедуры сбора и использования такой информации должны быть организованы максимально прозрачно, без использования посредников. Данная политика конфиденциальности объясняет, как именно Фонд Викимедиа (Wikimedia Foundation) — некоммерческая организация, обеспечивающая техническое функционирование таких сайтов Викимедиа, как, например, Википедия — собирает, использует и передаёт информацию, получаемую от вас, когда вы пользуетесь сайтами Викимедиа. Важно понимать, что при использовании любых сайтов Викимедиа вы соглашаетесь на сбор, передачу, обработку, хранение, раскрытие и использование своей персональной информации таким образом, как описано в данной Политике конфиденциальности. Это означает, что очень важно внимательно ознакомиться с текстом этой Политики.
Мы уверены, что для участия в движении свободных знаний вам нет нужды предоставлять информацию о себе. Вам не нужно сообщать своё настоящее имя, адрес или дату рождения, чтобы зарегистрировать обычную учётную запись или сделать свой вклад в материалы сайтов Викимедиа.
Мы не продаём и не сдаём в аренду вашу непубличную информацию, а также не передаём её никому, кто мог бы хотеть продать вам что-либо. Мы используем её, чтобы понять, как сделать сайты Викимедиа более привлекательными и доступными, чтобы увидеть, какие идеи работают; мы хотим сделать так, чтобы получать знания и делиться ими было ещё более увлекательно. Проще говоря: мы используем эту информацию, чтобы сайты Викимедиа становились для вас лучше.
В конце концов, именно благодаря таким людям как вы, сторонникам свободных знаний, сайты Викимедиа не просто существуют, но также растут и процветают.

Поскольку все (а не только юристы) должны быть способны легко понять, как и почему собирается и используется их информация, в тексте данной Политики мы используем привычный язык вместо более формальных терминов. Чтобы вам было проще понять некоторые ключевые термины, мы собрали их в специальную таблицу соответствий:

Мы сознаём, что далеко не все из вас знакомы с техническими терминами вроде «пиксель отслеживания» или «куки» (и это совсем не печенье), используемыми в Политике конфиденциальности. Независимо от того, являетесь ли вы новичком в терминологии, связанной с обеспечением конфиденциальности, или экспертом, желающим освежить познания, вы можете найти полезным наш глоссарий ключевых терминов.

За исключением описанных ниже случаев, данная Политика конфиденциальности относится к вопросам сбора и обработки информации о вас, получаемой нами в результате использовании вами любых сайтов Викимедиа. Эта Политика также применяется к информации, получаемой нами от наших партнёров или любых других сторонних лиц или организаций. Чтобы лучше понимать сферу применения данной Политики Конфиденциальности, см. ниже несколько примеров.
Для большей ясности, вот где применяется данная Политика конфиденциальности, независимо от языка:
Тем не менее, данная Политика конфиденциальности может быть неприменима к некоторым ситуациям, в которых мы можем собирать или обрабатывать информацию. Например, в некоторых случаях могут применяться отдельные Политики конфиденциальности (как в Магазине Викимедиа или сайтах и сервисах, запущенных сторонними лицами и организациями, таких как проекты сторонних разработчиков в Лабораториях Викимедиа). Чтобы лучше понимать, какие ситуации не подпадают под действие данной Политики конфиденциальности, ниже приведены примеры таких ситуаций.

Этот раздел — часть Политики конфиденциальности и предназначен для подробного объяснения того, какие ситуации не подпадают под действие нашей Политики конфиденциальности.
В тех случаях, когда сообщество устанавливает особые правила, регулирующие обращение с персональной информацией (подобно Положению о проверяющих), это сообщество может дополнять изложенные в настоящей Политике правила и обязательства. Тем не менее, таким частным правилам не разрешено создавать новые исключения или иным образом снижать степень защиты, предлагаемую настоящей Политикой.



Всё, что вы размещаете на сайтах Викимедиа, может быть видно всем и использовано кем угодно.
Сайты Викимедиа создавались главным образом для того, чтобы помочь вам и другим людям обмениваться знаниями с миром, и мы делимся итогами нашего с вами сотрудничества именно потому, что вы попросили нас это делать.
Когда вы делаете свой вклад в развитие любого из сайтов Викимедиа, включая персональные страницы участников или страницы обсуждений, вы создаёте постоянную публичную запись, отображающую каждый добавленный, удалённый или изменённый вами фрагмент текста. В журнале истории изменений любой страницы будет видно, что и где вы добавили или удалили, а также — когда это было сделано, с указанием вашей учётной записи (если вы авторизованы) или вашего IP-адреса (если вы не авторизованы). Мы можем использовать все опубликованные вами материалы, как объединяя их с аналогичными материалами, опубликованными другими участниками, так и по отдельности, чтобы создать для вас новые возможности или основанные на данных продукты, а также чтобы побольше узнать о том, как используются сайты Фонда Викимедиа.
Всегда, если только в тексте данной Политики не указано иное, вам следует предполагать, что информация (в том числе персональные данные), которую вы активным образом предоставляете сайтам Викимедиа, публично видна и может быть найдена через поисковые системы. Как и большинство сведений в интернете, всё, чем вы делитесь, может быть скопировано и распространено по интернету другими людьми. Пожалуйста, не предоставляйте информацию, которую вам было бы некомфортно делать навеки публичной — как, например своё настоящее имя или место, откуда вы делаете свой вклад.
Вы должны сознавать, что конкретные опубликованные вами данные, или же опубликованные нами агрегированные данные, могут быть кем угодно использованы для анализа и получения сводной информации о пользователях — например, о том, из какой страны пользователь, каковы его политические взгляды и пол.

Чтобы использовать сайты Викимедиа, от вас не требуется регистрироваться
Если вы хотите зарегистрироваться, вам не нужно сообщать нам своё имя или адрес электронной почты.
Если вы не создали учётную запись, ваш вклад будет публично подписан вашим IP-адресом.
Хотите создать учётную запись? Превосходно! Не хотите её создавать? Никаких проблем!
От вас не требуется создавать учётную запись для чтения или редактирования материалов любого из сайтов Викимедиа, кроме редких случаев. Тем не менее, если вы вносите свои правки не из-под своей учётной записи, то ваш вклад будет публично подписан IP-адресом, связанным с вашим устройством выхода в интернет.
Если вы хотите создать стандартную учётную запись, мы потребуем от вас только псевдоним (название учётной записи) и пароль. Ваш псевдоним будет виден публично, так что, пожалуйста, хорошенько подумайте, прежде чем использовать в качестве такого псевдонима своё настоящее имя. Ваш пароль будет использован только для подтверждения того, что эта учётная запись действительно принадлежит вам. Ваш IP-адрес также автоматически отправляется к нам, и мы временно записываем его, чтобы помочь предотвращению злоупотреблений. Никакой другой персональной информации мы от вас не требуем: ни имени, ни адреса электронной почты, ни даты рождения, ни номера кредитной карты.
Однажды созданные учётные записи участников не могут быть полностью удалены (хотя вы можете, при желании, скрыть информацию на своей персональной странице участника). Это потому, что ваш публичный вклад должен быть связан с его автором (вами!). Так что убедитесь, что выбираете имя, которое будет для вас удобным все последующие годы.
Для лучшего понимания демографии наших участников, для локализации наших сервисов, а также для изучения возможностей их дальнейшего улучшения, мы можем попросить у вас дополнительные демографические сведения о вас, такие как пол и возраст. Мы сообщим вам, предназначена ли такая информация для публичного отображения или же она должна остаться конфиденциальной, чтобы вы смогли принять информированное решение, предоставлять ли нам такую информацию или нет. Предоставление такой информации всегда отдаётся полностью на ваше усмотрение. Если не хотите — то и не обязаны, всё именно так просто.

Мы используем общепринятые технологии для сбора информации о том, каким образом вы используете сайты Викимедиа.
Мы используем эту информацию для того, чтобы сделать более удобным ваше взаимодействие с сайтами Викимедиа, а также для разработки новых функций.
Мы хотим сделать сайты Викимедиа лучше для вас, узнавая больше о том, как вы их используете. Например, как часто вы посещаете сайты Викимедиа, что вам нравится, что оказывается полезным, как вы попадаете на сайты Викимедиа и стали ли бы вы использовать полезную функцию чаще, если бы мы иначе объяснили, как с ней обращаться. Мы также хотим, чтобы эта Политика и наши действия отражали ценности нашего сообщества. По этой причине мы храним конфиденциальной информацию об использовании вами сайтов Викимедиа, за исключением случаев, в отношении которых в данной Политике явно указано иное.

Подобно другим сайтам, мы автоматически получаем некоторую информацию о вас при каждом вашем заходе на сайты Викимедиа. Эта информация помогает нам в администрировании сайтов Викимедиа, а также делает их для вас удобнее в использовании.
Аналогично другим крупным сайтам, а также из-за особенностей работы браузеров, мы автоматически получаем определённую информацию о посещении вами сайтов Викимедиа. Эта информация включает тип используемого вами устройства (возможно, даже и уникальные идентификационные номера этого устройства, для некоторых бета-версий нашего мобильного приложения), тип и версию вашего браузера, его языковые настройки, тип и версию операционной системы вашего устройства, в некоторых случаях — название вашего интернет-провайдера или оператора мобильной связи, название веб-сайта, направившего вас на сайты Викимедиа, веб-сайт, с которого вы перешли на сайты Викимедиа, какие страницы вы запрашиваете и посещаете, а также дату и время каждого запроса, сделанного на сайтах Викимедиа.
Проще говоря, мы используем эту информацию, чтобы улучшать ваше взаимодействие с сайтами Викимедиа. Например, мы используем её при администрировании сайтов, для усиления безопасности, для борьбы с вандализмом; оптимизируем мобильные приложения, настраиваем отображение содержимого сайтов и языковые параметры, тестируем работу функций и улучшаем производительность; понимаем, как пользователи взаимодействуют с сайтами Викимедиа, отслеживаем и изучаем использование различных функций, всё лучше понимаем демографические особенности различных сайтов Викимедиа и анализируем тенденции.

Мы используем различные широко известные технологии, такие как куки, чтобы получить понимание того, как вы используете сайты Викимедиа, сделать наши сервисы безопаснее и проще в использовании, а также помочь вам, улучшив ваше взаимодействие с ними и сделав его более персонализированным.
Мы активно собираем некоторые виды информации с помощью разнообразных широко используемых технологий. Они обычно включают пиксели слежения, скрипты и множество технологий «локального хранения данных», таких как куки и локальное хранилище. Мы понимаем, что некоторые из этих технологий имеют не самую лучшую репутацию и могут быть использованными для неблагородных целей. Поэтому мы хотим внести максимальную ясность в то, почему используем эти методы и какую информацию собираем с их помощью.
В зависимости от используемой технологии, локально хранимые данные могут быть чем угодно — текст, картинки, целые статьи (как будет объяснено ниже), вплоть до персональных данных (например, вашего IP-адреса) и информации об использовании вами сайтов Викимедиа (например, имя учётной записи или время посещения).
Мы используем эту информацию, чтобы сделать вашу работу с сайтами Викимедиа безопаснее и лучше, чтобы получить понимание предпочтений пользователей и нюансов их взаимодействия с сайтами Викимедиа, а также чтобы улучшать наши сервисы. Мы никогда не используем сторонние «куки», за исключением тех случаев, когда вы даёте нам разрешение на это. Если вы когда-нибудь обнаружите сторонний сбор данных, который не был вами санкционирован (который, например, может быть ошибочно размещён другим участником или администратором), пожалуйста, сообщите нам об этом по адресу privacy@wikimedia.org.
Данные, хранящиеся локально, ява-скрипты, а также пиксели слежения помогают нам делать следующее:
Хотите узнать ещё больше? О некоторых используемых нами специфических куках, о том, когда заканчивается срок их действия, и для чего мы их используем, вы можете прочесть в этой статье.
Мы уверены, что этот сбор данных поможет улучшению вашего пользовательского опыта, однако, в зависимости от типа используемого вами браузера, посредством его настроек вы можете удалить или отключить некоторые или даже все сохранённые на вашем устройстве данные. Вы можете узнать больше о некоторых возможностях, которые у вас есть, в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов. Несмотря на то, что для использования наших сайтов может и не требоваться сохранять локально какие-либо данные, некоторые инструменты и возможности всё же могут работать некорректно, если вы отключите функцию локального сохранёния данных.
Хотя собираемые с помощью инструментов сбора данных сведения о вас, примеры которых были приведены выше, являются конфиденциальными в соответствии с настоящей Политикой, пожалуйста учитывайте, что некоторая информация о действиях, предпринятых от имени вашей учётной записи, остаётся свободно доступной через общедоступные журналы, наряду с аналогичными действиями других участников. Например, общедоступный журнал может включать дату создания вашей учётной записи на сайте Викимедиа — наряду с датами создания других учётных записей на этом сайте. Информация, представленная в общедоступных журналах, не будет включать персональную информацию о вас.

Если вы решите предоставить нам свой адрес электронной почты, мы будем держать его в тайне, за исключением случаев, предусмотренных настоящей Политикой.
Мы можем иногда отправлять вам электронные письма с важной информацией.
Вы можете отказаться от получения определённых видов уведомлений.
Если захотите, вы можете предоставить нам адрес своей электронной почты во время регистрации, либо в процессе дальнейшего взаимодействия с сайтами Викимедиа. Если вы так поступите, то этот адрес будет храниться конфиденциально, за исключением некоторых случаев, явно упомянутых в данной Политике. Мы не продаём, не сдаем в аренду и не используем ваш адрес электронной почты для рекламы продуктов или услуг третьих лиц.
Мы используем ваш адрес электронной почты, чтобы сообщить вам о том, что происходит с Фондом Викимедиа, его сайтами или движением Викимедиа в целом; в частности, сообщаем вам важную информацию о вашей учётной записи, давая вам знать, если что-то меняется на сайтах Викимедиа или в правилах, а также предупреждаем, когда происходят изменения в статьях, которые вы решили отслеживать. Пожалуйста, обратите внимание, что если вы напишете нам, то чтобы мы могли обработать ваш запрос и отреагировать на него, мы можем сохранить ваше сообщение, адрес электронной почты и любую другую информацию, которую вы нам предоставите.
Вы можете ограничить некоторые виды уведомлений, например, об изменениях в статьях. Некоторые типы уведомлений отключить нельзя, как, например, содержащие критически важную информацию, которую нужно знать всем пользователям, чтобы успешно участвовать в сайтах Викимедиа. Управлять типами и частотой получаемых уведомлений можно в разделе настроек уведомлений. Узнать больше об электронной почте и изменении персональных настроек можно в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов.
Мы никогда не будем запрашивать у вас пароль по электронной почте (но можем отправить вам временный пароль, если вы запросили сброс пароля). Если вы не запрашивали сброс пароля, но получили подобное письмо — пожалуйста, отправьте нам копию этого письма по электронной почте privacy@wikimedia.org, чтобы мы могли начать расследование в отношении источника таких писем.
Мы также сохраняем конфиденциальной информацию, которой участники обмениваются напрямую (например, посредством сообщений, отправляемых с помощью функции «Письмо участнику»), в той части, которая является непубличный и сохраняется в системах Фонда Викимедиа или передаётся через них; за исключением случаев, предусмотренных в настоящей политике.

Мы можем попросить вас предоставить нам информацию с помощью опроса или предоставив средства для обратной связи, но вы никогда не будет обязаны в этом участвовать.
Участвуя в добровольных опросах или предоставляя нам обратную связь, вы помогаете нам улучшать сайты Викимедиа. Поскольку каждый опрос и запрос обратной связи может быть использован для различных целей, то при предоставлении текста опроса или запроса обратной связи мы сообщим вам о том, как планируем использовать ваши ответы и предоставленные вами персональные сведения. Если вас чем-то не устраивают наши планы использования результатов опроса или обратной связи, вы не обязаны участвовать в опросах или предоставлять обратную связь.


Если вы соглашаетесь на это, мы можем использовать широко распространённые технологии определения местоположение, чтобы показать вам больше соответствующего содержания.
Некоторые из предоставляемых нами возможностей могли бы стать лучше, если бы мы знали, в какой точке мира вы находитесь. Но вы в полной мере вольны распоряжаться, хотите или не хотите позволить нам использовать средства по определению местоположения, чтобы сделать некоторые возможности доступными для вас. Если вы соглашаетесь на это, то мы можем использовать GPS (а также другие способы, обычно используемые для определения местонахождения), чтобы показать вам более уместное содержание. Мы сохраняем конфиденциальной полученную такими способами информацию, за исключением некоторых случаев, явно упомянутых в данной Политике. Вы можете узнать об этом больше, изучив перечень примеров того, как мы используем эти технологии, приведённый в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Иногда мы можем автоматически получать от вашего устройства данные о его местонахождении. Например, если вы хотите загрузить фотографию в мобильное приложение Викисклада, то мы можем автоматически получить с вашего устройства метаданные, например, о месте и времени создания фотографии. Пожалуйста, имейте в виду, что в отличие от рассмотренной выше информации о местонахождении, собираемой с помощью сигналов GPS, настройка по умолчанию вашего мобильного устройства обычно включает метаданные в фотографию или видеозапись, загружаемые на сайты Викимедиа. Если вы не хотите отсылать нам метаданные и делать их публичными в момент загрузки, то, пожалуйста, смените настройки своего устройства.

При каждом посещении вами любого из сайтов Викимедиа мы автоматически получаем IP-адрес устройства, с помощью которого вы выходите в интернет, что может быть использовано для определения вашего географического положения.
Наконец, при вашем посещении любого из сайтов Викимедиа, мы автоматически получаем IP-адрес устройства (или вашего прокси-сервера), используемого вами для выхода в Интернет, что может быть использовано для вычисления вашего географического местоположения. Мы храним IP-адреса в секрете, кроме случаев, указанных в данной Политике. Например, если вы сделаете вклад, не войдя в свою учётную запись, то использовавшийся вами в тот момент IP-адрес будет публично и навсегда записан. Если вы посещаете сайты Викимедиа с помощью мобильных устройств, мы можем использовать ваш IP-адрес для предоставления анонимизированной или обобщённой информации сервис-провайдерам об объёме использования в определённых областях. Мы используем IP-адреса для исследований и аналитики; для улучшения персонализации контента, уведомлений и ваших настроек; для борьбы со спамом, кражей личности, вредоносным ПО и другими злоупотреблениями; для предоставления лучших мобильных и прочих приложений.


Мы можем поделиться вашей персональной информацией, если вы предоставите нам особые полномочия сделать это.

С вашего согласия, мы можем на определённых условиях поделиться информацией о вас. Вы можете найти более подробную информацию среди примеров, приведённых в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов.

Мы раскроем ваши персональные данные только в случае официального запроса, соответствующего законодательству. Если будем вправе, мы уведомим вас о подобном запросе.
Мы можем получать доступ, хранить или раскрывать ваши персональные данные, если обоснованно считаем, что это необходимо для выполнения действующего и юридически закреплённого ордера, повестки в суд, судебного приказа, закона или правила, или другого юридического или административного указания. Тем не менее, если мы считаем, что конкретный запрос на раскрытие сведений об участнике юридически недействителен или является злоупотреблением юридической системой, а этот участник не собирается самостоятельно препятствовать раскрытию, то мы постараемся с этим бороться, насколько сможем. Мы стремимся, если это возможно, уведомить вас по электронной почте по крайней мере за десять (10) рабочих дней до того, как мы раскроем вашу персональную информацию в ответ на юридический запрос. Тем не менее, если нам не было официально запрещено контактировать с вами, мы можем предоставить только уведомление, что не существует вероятной угрозы жизни или здоровью, создаваемой или увеличиваемой при раскрытии факта запроса, и что вы предоставили нам свой адрес электронной почты.
Ничто в данной Политике конфиденциальности не предназначено для ограничения юридических возражений или защитных действий, которые вы можете использовать против запроса третьей стороны (будь это гражданское лицо, преступник или правительство) на раскрытие вашей персональной информации. Мы рекомендуем немедленно обратиться к юрисконсульту, если в отношении вас был сделан подобный запрос.
Более подробно об этом можно узнать из нашей страницы ответов на юридические запросы.

В том маловероятном случае, если сменится владелец Фонда, мы уведомим вас за 30 дней, прежде чем любые персональные сведения будут переданы новым владельцам или подпадут под иную политику конфиденциальности.
В том крайне маловероятном случае, если сменится владелец всего или почти всего Фонда, или мы осуществим реорганизацию (например, слияние, консолидацию или приобретение), то мы продолжим хранить ваши персональные сведения конфиденциальными, кроме случаев, указанных в данной Политике, и предоставлять вам уведомления через сайты Викимедиа и уведомления в WikimediaAnnounce-L или подобных почтовых рассылках по меньшей мере за тридцать (30) календарных дней, прежде чем любые персональные сведения будут переданы или начнут управляться в соответствии с иной политикой конфиденциальности.

Мы, а также пользователи со специальными административными правами, вправе раскрыть персональную информацию, если это необходимо для:
Нам (или, как это описано ниже, отдельным участникам с некоторыми административными правами) может понадобиться поделиться вашими персональными сведениями, если существует обоснованная уверенность в том, что это необходимо для пресечения или расследования возможных нарушений наших Условий использования, данной Политики конфиденциальности, или же иных политик, установленных Фондом или сообществом участников. Нам также может понадобиться получить доступ и поделиться информацией, чтобы вести расследование и защищать себя от юридических угроз и действий.
Сайты Викимедиа являются коллективными, пользователи (называемые «участниками проектов Викимедиа») сами пишут большинство политик и выбирают из своего числа людей, получающих определённые административные права. Эти права могут включать доступ к ограниченным объёмам информации о недавно сделанном вкладе и иных действиях других участников, которая не находится в публичном доступе. Получившие такие права используют их, чтобы помочь защите от вандализма и злоупотреблений, для борьбы с преследованием других участников, и в целом, чтобы попытаться минимизировать разрушительное поведение на сайтах Викимедиа. Такие избираемые участниками разнообразные административные группы имеют свои собственные руководства по конфиденциальности, но от всех таких групп ожидается согласие на следование Политике доступа к непубличной информации. Эти избираемые участниками группы подотчётны другим участникам через проверки и отчёты; участники избираются сообществом и их коллеги могут наблюдать за ними по протоколируемой истории их действий. Однако юридические имена этих пользователей не известны Викимедиа.
Хоть мы и надеемся, что такого никогда не произойдёт, но всё же мы можем раскрыть вашу персональную информацию, если мы считаем, что это необходимо для предотвращения непосредственной и серьезной травмы или смерти какого-либо лица, или для защиты нашей организации, сотрудников, подрядчиков, участников сообщества, пользователей или общественности. Мы также можем раскрывать вашу персональную информацию, если мы обоснованно считаем, что это необходимо для обнаружения и предотвращения распространения потенциального спама, вредоносного ПО, мошенничества, злоупотреблений, незаконной деятельности, а также нарушений безопасность или возможных технических проблем. (Проверьте список примеров в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов, чтобы узнать об этом более подробно.)

Мы можем раскрыть персональную информацию сторонним поставщикам услуг или подрядчикам в целях поддержки или улучшения сайтов Викимедиа и помощи в выполнении нашей миссии.
Как бы мы ни старались, мы не можем делать всё. Поэтому иногда мы используем сторонних поставщиков услуг и подрядчиков, чтобы помочь работе или улучшению сайтов Викимедиа ради вас и других пользователей. Мы можем предоставить этим поставщикам и подрядчикам доступ к вашей персональной информации в той мере, в которой это потребуется для предоставления ими своих услуг или для использования нами их инструментов и сервисов. Мы стремимся устанавливать требования, такие как соглашения о конфиденциальности, чтобы гарантировать, что эти поставщики услуг правомерно обращаются с вашей информацией, и что ваша персональная информация будет защищена не менее, чем предполагают принципы данной Политики. (Примеры можно найти в списке часто задаваемых вопросов.)

Мы можем привлекать добровольцев в качестве разработчиков и исследователей и предоставлять им доступ к системам, содержащим вашу персональную информацию, чтобы они могли заниматься защитой, разработкой и иным образом участвовать в улучшении сайтов Викимедиа.
Мы также можем делиться неперсонализированной или агрегированной информацией с третьими лицами, заинтересованными в изучении сайтов Викимедиа.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
Открытое программное обеспечение, на котором работают сайты Викимедиа, зависит от вкладов добровольцев-разработчиков, тратящих своё время на написание и тестирование кода, чтобы помочь его улучшать и развивать в соответствии с нуждами пользователей. Чтобы облегчить их работу, мы можем предоставить некоторым разработчикам ограниченный доступ к системам, содержащим персональные сведения, но лишь в той мере, в которой это обосновано необходимостью развития и улучшения ими сайтов Викимедиа.
Аналогично, мы можем предоставлять неперсональную или обобщённую информацию исследователям, учёным и другим заинтересованным сторонам, желающим исследовать сайты Викимедиа. Получение такой информации помогает им лучше понимать характер использования, просмотра, демографическую статистику и типичные ситуации. Затем они могут поделиться результатами исследований с нами и участниками наших проектов, чтобы мы все могли лучше понимать и улучшать сайты Викимедиа.
Когда мы предоставляем доступ к персональным сведениям сторонним разработчикам или исследователям, то выставляем требования, например о разумной технической и договорной защите, с помощью которых мы стремимся добиться, чтобы эти сервис-провайдеры обращались с вашей информацией в соответствии с принципами данной Политики и с нашими инструкциями. Если эти разработчики или исследователи в дальнейшем опубликуют свою работу или результаты, мы попросим, чтобы они не раскрывали ваши персональные сведения. Пожалуйста, обратите внимание, что, несмотря на обязательства, накладываемые нами на разработчиков и исследователей, мы не можем гарантировать, что они будут действовать в соответствии с нашим соглашением, и не можем гарантировать, что мы будем регулярно отслеживать или проводить аудит их проектов. (Вы можете узнать больше о повторной идентификации в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов.)

Информация, которую вы размещаете, является общедоступной и её может видеть и использовать кто угодно.
Любая размещаемая вами на сайтах Викимедиа информация — публично доступна другим. Например, если вы разместите свой адрес электронной почты на своей странице обсуждения, он будет общедоступен, а значит не подпадает под действие данной Политики. И если вы совершаете правки без регистрации или не авторизовавшись под своей учётной записью, ваш IP-адрес может оказаться виден всем. Пожалуйста, задумайтесь о желаемом уровне анонимности перед тем, как раскрывать личную информацию на своей персональной странице участника или где-нибудь ещё.


Мы используем разнообразные физические и технические меры, правила и процедуры, чтобы помочь защитить вашу информацию от несанкционированного доступа, использования или разглашения.
Мы стремимся защитить вашу информацию от несанкционированного доступа, использования или раскрытия. Мы используем различные физические и технические меры, политики и процедуры (например, процедуры контроля доступа, межсетевые экраны и методы физической безопасности), предназначенные для защиты наших систем и вашей личной информации. К сожалению, не существует такой вещи, как полностью безопасные передача или хранение данных, поэтому мы не можем гарантировать, что наша безопасность не будет нарушена (технические меры или нарушение наших правил и процедур).

Мы храним вашу персональную информацию не дольше, чем это требуется для обслуживания, изучения и улучшения сайтов Викимедиа или в соответствии с законодательством США.
Когда мы получаем от вас персональные сведения, мы храним их в течение минимально возможного времени, необходимого для обслуживания, понимания и улучшения сайтов Викимедиа, а также соблюдения наших обязанностей согласно применимому законодательству США. Сведения, не относящиеся к персональной информации, могут храниться в течение неограниченного срока. (Смотрите примеры в нашем списке часто задаваемых вопросов.)
Пожалуйста, помните, что определённая информация хранится и отображается в течение неограниченного периода времени, например ваш IP-адрес (если вы редактируете без авторизации) или любые публичные правки на сайтах Викимедиа.

Если вы не согласны с данной Политикой конфиденциальности, то в целях защиты Фонда Викимедиа и других участников, вы не можете пользоваться сайтами Викимедиа.

Вы соглашаетесь на использование вашей персональной информации в США и на передачу этой информации в другие страны, в связи задачами, относящимися к предоставлению наших услуг вам и другим пользователям.
Фонд Викимедиа — некоммерческая организация с офисом в Сан-Франциско, штат Калифорния, с серверами и дата-центрами, расположенными в США. Если вы решили пользоваться сайтами Викимедиа, будь то внутри или за пределами США, вы даёте согласие на сбор, передачу, хранение, обработку,раскрытие, а также другие виды использования вашей информации в США, в соответствии с тем, как это описано в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности. Вы также даёте согласие на то, чтобы в связи с предоставлением вам услуг, мы передавали вашу информацию из США в другие страны, в которых может быть отличающийся или менее жёсткий закон о защите персональных данных, чем в вашей стране.

Мы не позволяем отслеживать вашу активность сторонним веб-сайтам, которые вы не посещали.
Мы не делимся вашими данными с третьими сторонами для маркетинговых целей.
Мы твердо следуем правилу не делиться непубличной информацией с третьими сторонами. В частности, мы не позволяем отслеживание вашей активности со стороны сторонних веб-сайтов, которые вами не посещались (включая поставщиков аналитических услуг, рекламные сети и социальные платформы), и мы также не делимся вашей информацией с третьими сторонами в маркетинговых целях. В рамках этой политики, мы можем предоставить вашу информацию только при определённых ситуациях, о которых вы можете узнать подробнее в разделе «Когда мы можем делится вашей персональной информацией?» этой Политики конфиденциальности.
Поскольку мы защищаем таким образом всех пользователей, мы не меняем поведение наших сайтов в ответ на сигнал «не отслеживать» вашего веб-браузера.
Для получения более подробной информации о сигналах «не отслеживать» и о том, как мы их обрабатываем, пожалуйста, посетите наш список часто задаваемых вопросов.

Существенные изменения в данной Политике будут делаться только после того, как завершится их общественное обсуждение, которое будет длиться не менее 30 дней.
Поскольку вещи естественным образом меняются со временем, а мы хотим, чтобы наша Политика конфиденциальности точно отражала наши действия и закон, то может быть необходимым время от времени вносить изменения в эту Политику конфиденциальности. Мы сохраняем за собой право поступать так, действуя следующим образом:
Мы просим вас ознакомитться с наиболее актуальной версией нашей Политики конфиденциальности. Продолжение использования вами сайтов Викимедиа после знакомства с данной Политикой конфиденциальности становится вашим действующим согласием с ней. Продолжение использования вами сайтов Викимедиа после появления любой последующей версии данной Политики конфиденциальности, аналогичным образом, становится вашим действующим согласием с этой версией Политики конфиденциальности.

Если у вас возникли вопросы или появились предложения, касающиеся даннной Политики конфиденциальности или совершаемого согласно данной политики сбора информации, пожалуйста, свяжитесь с нами по электронной почте privacy@wikimedia.org или напрямую.

Спасибо за то, что прочли нашу Политику конфиденциальности. Мы надеемся, что вам понравились сайты Викимедиа, и ценим ваше участие в создании, поддержке и постоянной работе по улучшению крупнейшего в мире хранилища свободных знаний.
Учтите, пожалуйста, что при любых различиях в толковании или интерпретации положений данной Политики конфиденциальности между оригинальной версией на английском языке и её переводом, приоритет имеет оригинальная английская версия.
Политика конфиденциальности · ЧаВО (FAQ) · Глоссарий ключевых терминов · ЧаВО о повестках · Политика доступа к непубличной информации · Соглашение о конфиденциальности · Политика сохранения данных · Политика в отношении дарителей


--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Meta:General_disclaimer

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Meta:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Meta:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Meta:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Meta:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Meta:About
Participate:
Welcome to the Wikimedia Meta-Wiki (often shortened to Meta-Wiki or simply Meta), a wiki for coordinating amongst the Wikimedia projects.


Meta serves three distinct roles, which are all closely related but often involve different subsets of users.
The categories provide a big-picture representation of Meta's content.

It has often been discussed whether Meta has a community. What's sure is that it doesn't have a community of its own, separate from the communities of the Wikimedia projects: as someone said, «a meta-project — existing for and about the other Wikimedia wikis, not as a content project to itself — a community of communities, rather than its own little island community».[1]
This also means that many discussions, processes and other activities happen on Meta, with different participants and people in charge (if any) — for instance, among many, some Wikimedia committees, the stewards, the WMF staff for grants —: none of them, and all of them, is Meta. Meta is the space and the tool for their participants to achieve their objectives, not an actor in them; and even less a power over them.
Strictly speaking, however, there is a community specific to Meta: it's a loose group of people regularly active in some or many such activities (especially as "gardeners"), who care about Meta serving the purpose above, and who are more likely to intervene to ensure it does.[2]
"Metawikian" is a term also used sometimes, to indicate a member of the specific "Meta community", that is the community of Meta regulars who are more often active on Meta, for instance as contributors to its content pages or as facilitators of other discussions and processes.
Meta-Wiki was first created as "Meta-Wikipedia" in November 2001 to make the English Wikipedia less cluttered, by moving all meta-content (content about the Wikipedia website and its users), as opposed to actual content (encyclopedia articles), to a new wiki. Since its upgrade to Wikipedia's custom MediaWiki software, Meta has become a multilingual discussion forum used by all Wikimedia language communities. As the number of Wikimedia projects and translations increased, so too did Meta's scope. Meta comprises 46,937 articles. Many of the older pages here are still worded as being specific to Wikipedia, but arguably many now apply to all Wikimedia projects.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Meta:About
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/SFSQ2012



--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/SFSQ2012
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/SFSQ2012



--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E7%89%B9%E6%AE%8A%E9%A1%B5%E9%9D%A2

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:特殊页面

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%A6%E7%8A%B6%E6%80%81
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:数学状态
因为以下原因，你没有权限<action-purge>：
您所请求的操作仅限于该用户组的用户使用：用户

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7
用户，或称注册用户，是指拥有一个维基词典账户的人。虽然即使不用登录，也可阅读维基词典，甚至编辑维基词典的页面，而且维基词典的宗旨正是容许几乎所有人修改几乎所有页面，可是成为维基词典的用户，不仅过程快捷、免费及方便，更可享有一些非注册用户没有的权限。


任何拥有账户的用户，不论注册时间或编辑次数，皆可拥有下列权限。
此外，注册达4天用户将会自动成为自动确认用户，可享用更多权限。详情请参阅Wiktionary:自动确认用户。
共享IP地址（例如学校、办公室及公共图书馆的网络）或代理服务器会经常因防止破坏而遭到封禁。这难免会影响一些无辜的网民。可是，注册用户通常可避免这类封锁，因为封锁一般只会针对未登录的匿名用户。假如阁下欲登记成为用户，但不幸使用被封锁的IP地址，我们建议您尝试下列方法：

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CC-by-sa-3.0%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC
您可自由：
惟须遵守下列條件：
且认识到：
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.

--URL: http://wuu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CC-BY-SA-3.0%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC
你可自由：
惟须遵守下列条件：
且认识到：
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT ​​AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
EXCEPT ​​TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this trademark restriction does not form part of the License.


--URL: http://wuu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E6%9C%89%E5%85%B3



维基百科老早成立得嘞，伊是新百科全书个分支,一个已经免费的百科全书项目。有一个花心思来设计个新系统个同行评审,伊要素质高个贡献个人,但写的文章是毛慢个。啦哈2000年,创始人Jimmy Wales看来,拉里·桑格,威尔士人已经啦哈这个工程上工作得嘞,讨论了新方法的补充搭一个更加开放个、互补个项目。木牢牢多个消息来源窝,维基可能让公众变成料儿,而新百科个第一个wiki建起来的（啦哈2001年1月10号)。
ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License >(cc通过sa)和GNU自由文档许可证< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:文本的GNU自由文档许可证>(GFDL)(unversioned,没有不变的部分,封面封底文字短信)。 一些文本已进口只有在cc通过sa和cc的sa兼容许可和不能被重用在GFDL;这样的文本识别无论是在页脚,在页的历史或在讨论页的文章,利用文本。每一个图片描述页面显示许可下发布,或者如果它是自由的,它的基本原理是使用下。 贡献他们的创造者的保持财产,而cc通过sa和GFDL许可确保内容是自由分发的和可再生的。(见版权注意< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:版权>和内容免责声明< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:内容免责声明>更多信息。)
• WUU(吴语/吳語) 侬会得讲吴语弗？吴语是汉语族里向个一种闲话，也是历史交关悠久个一种闲话。讲吴语个人分布来江苏南部、浙江大部分，整个上海，安徽南部搭福建、江西少部分场许。通行吴语个县市有110个横里，人口8000万(2004年)光景，来拉汉语族语言里向排名第二，来拉世界浪排名第十。大家来帮衬帮衬，一淘编写吴语维基百科，积累吴语文本资料。
联系一个人维基百科个编辑 联系侬个贡献者戏客,啦哈他们个对话页里向讨论问题、谈空天< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Talk_page>。 特为要寻标准问题回答个地方：问政策同道项目相关个问题是“乡村之泵”< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Village_pump>,在线个维基百科邮件家生< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Mailing_lists>,啦哈“电子邮件”里向。 要达到另外维基百科<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Wikipedians>；通过IRC去： < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:IRC_channels>同道电子邮件用户个电子信箱< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Emailing_users>。 另外,维基媒体基金会< http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/ >元维基是一个总站，伊会的自家协调各种卖相个维基百科项目搭伊个姊妹项目（搭伊个"投票表决"政策同道伊个方向)。侬阿可以啦哈举个地方提交个bug（“有关各得个漏洞报告”）搭侬个特性化意见个话语到<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Bug_reports_and_feature_requests>。 里向列出了完全个“点击选择区域”,侬可去“维基百科:同侬提条意见”< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contact_us>。高头就是所有个好用滴数据信息，侬可试试看哉！
该面搭是吴语维基百科。2006年10月1号开始仔，该歇亨白浪当已经有仔3,535篇文章哉。除此之外，还有别样闲话个维基百科版本，当中规模顶顶大个列来下底：
所有闲话维基百科列表 · 多闲话协调 · 发起一只新个维基百科

维基百科通过非盈利性组织维基媒体基金会运作。维基媒体基金会还有仔别他开放内容个维基计划：

--URL: http://vi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:N%C3%B3i_v%E1%BB%81
— Jimmy Wales, người sáng lập Wikipedia
Wikipedia là một bách khoa toàn thư tự do, là kết quả của sự cộng tác của chính những người đọc từ khắp nơi trên thế giới. Trang mạng này có tính chất wiki, có nghĩa là tất cả mọi người đều có thể sửa đổi ở bất cứ trang nào bằng cách bấm vào các liên kết “sửa đổi”, hoặc “Sửa đổi trang này”, có ở hầu hết các trang, ngoại trừ các cá nhân bị tước quyền sửa đổi và những trang bị khóa.
Để biết thêm thông tin, giới báo chí có thể liên lạc với Quỹ Wikimedia.
Wikipedia chính thức bắt đầu vào ngày 15 tháng 1 năm 2001 nhờ hai người sáng lập Jimmy Wales và Larry Sanger cùng với vài người cộng tác nhiệt thành và chỉ có phiên bản tiếng Anh. Chỉ hơn ba năm sau, vào tháng 3 năm 2004, đã có 6.000 người đóng góp tích cực cho 600.000 bài viết với 50 thứ tiếng. Cho đến hôm nay đã có hơn 4.300.000 bài viết ở riêng phiên bản tiếng Anh, hơn 30.000.000 bài viết ở tất cả phiên bản ngôn ngữ. Mỗi ngày hàng trăm nghìn người ghé thăm từ khắp nơi để thực hiện hàng chục nghìn sửa đổi cũng như bắt đầu nhiều bài viết mới.
Wikipedia tiếng Việt được thành lập vào tháng 10 năm 2003. Hiện nay đã có 1.131.942 bài viết bằng tiếng Việt. Đó là một con số khiêm nhường, chưa thực sự đầy đủ. Xin các bạn giúp đỡ chúng tôi trong việc xây dựng này!
Mọi bài viết trong Wikipedia, và phần lớn các hình ảnh cũng như những tài liệu dưới các hình thức khác, đều được phân phối theo Giấy phép Creative Commons Ghi công–Chia sẻ tương tự phiên bản 3.0 (CC-BY-SA-3.0). Các bản đóng góp vẫn thuộc quyền sở hữu của những người tạo ra chúng. Xem thông cáo về bản quyền của tác giả và lời từ chối trách nhiệm về nội dung để biết thêm chi tiết.
"Wikipedia" là nhãn hiệu đăng ký ở Hoa Kỳ, Liên minh châu Âu, Nhật Bản, và áp dụng khắp thế giới theo Hệ thống Madrid. Biểu trưng "quả bóng ghép chữ" dưới bản quyền của Quỹ Hỗ trợ Wikimedia.
Nếu đây là lần đầu bạn đến với Wikipedia, mời bạn đọc trước trang chào mừng người mới đến. Nếu bạn là nhà báo, mời đọc Tài liệu để nhà báo tham khảo.

Wikipedia trực thuộc Quỹ Hỗ trợ Wikimedia, một tổ chức phi lợi nhuận đã đăng ký tại tiểu bang Florida, Hoa Kỳ, cho phép trừ thuế những khoản đóng góp. Wikimedia cũng đồng thời điều hành vài dự án wiki khác.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Quy_%C4%91%E1%BB%8Bnh_quy%E1%BB%81n_ri%C3%AAng_t%C6%B0
This policy is approved by the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees to apply to all Wikimedia projects. It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by local policies.
Want to help translate? Translate the missing messages.
Because we believe that you shouldn’t have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
We are committed to:
Be aware:


The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and Wiktionary.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more useable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you shouldn't have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your nonpublic information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.

Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:

We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like “tracking pixels” and “cookies” used in the Privacy Policy. Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our Glossary of Key Terms helpful.

Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
For the sake of clarity, this Privacy Policy covers, regardless of language:
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the Wikimedia Shop) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on Wikimedia Labs). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.

This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Where community policies govern information, such as the CheckUser policy, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.



Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
The Wikimedia Sites were primarily created to help you share your knowledge with the world, and we share your contributions because you have asked us to do so.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.

You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address.
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your IP address.
Want to create an account? Great! Don't want to create an account? No problem!
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device.
If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services, and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that.

We may use common technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
We use this information to enhance your user experience and to develop new features.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.

Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information helps us administer the Wikimedia Sites and enhance your user experience.
Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.

We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more personalized experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as cookies and local storage. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data can be anything from text, pictures, and whole articles (as we explain further below) to personal information (like your IP address) and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit).
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at privacy@wikimedia.org.
Locally stored data, JavaScript, and tracking pixels help us do things like:
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our FAQ.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our FAQ. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features may not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through public logs alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site. Information available through public logs will not include personal information about you.

If you choose to provide your email address, we will keep it confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you emails about important information.
You may choose to opt out of certain kinds of notifications.
You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with the Wikimedia Sites. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential, except as provided in this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.
We use your email address to let you know about things that are happening with the Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites, or the Wikimedia movement, such as telling you important information about your account, letting you know if something is changing about the Wikimedia Sites or policies, and alerting you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow. Please note that if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and any other information you provide us, so that we can process and respond to your request.
You can choose to limit some of these kinds of notifications, like those alerting you if an article changes. Others, such as those containing critical information that all users need to know to participate successfully in the Wikimedia Sites, you may not be able to opt out of. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our FAQ.
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive such an email, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email.
Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.

We may ask you to provide us with information through a survey or provide feedback, but you will never be obligated to participate.
Participating in optional surveys or providing feedback helps us make the Wikimedia Sites better. Because every survey and request for feedback may be used for various purposes, we will tell you, at the time we give you the survey or request for feedback, how we plan on using your answers and any personal information you provide. If you don't feel comfortable with how we plan on using the survey or feedback results, you are not obligated to take the survey or give feedback.


If you consent, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. But it's completely up to you whether or not you want us to use geolocation tools to make some features available to you. If you consent, we can use GPS (and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our FAQ.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Sometimes, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive metadata, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.

When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, which can be used to infer your geographical location.
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.


We may share your information when you give us specific permission to do so.

We may share your information for a particular purpose, if you agree. You can find more information in the list of examples in our FAQ.

We will disclose your information in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. We will notify you of such requests when possible.
We may access, preserve, or disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your personal information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
For more information, see our Subpoena FAQ.

In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days notice before any personal information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We, or users with certain administrative rights, may disclose information that is reasonably necessary to:
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, may need to share your personal information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups that have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our Access to Nonpublic Information Policy. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your personal information if we believe that it's reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ for more information.)

We may disclose personal information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers or contractors who help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We may give access to your personal information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)

We may give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We may also share non-personal or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we may give some developers limited access to systems that contain your personal information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we may share non-personal or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to personal information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your personal information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our FAQ.)

Information that you post is public and can been seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your user page or elsewhere.


We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your personal information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).

We only keep your personal information as long as necessary to maintain, understand, and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with U.S. law.
Once we receive personal information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law. Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)
Please remember that certain information is retained and displayed indefinitely, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the Wikimedia Sites.

For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites.

You are consenting to the use of your information in the U.S. and to the transfer of that information to other countries in connection to providing our services to you and others.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure, and other uses of your information in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the transfer of your information by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.

We do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We are strongly committed to not sharing nonpublic information with third parties. In particular, we do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited (including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms), nor do we share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the “When May We Share Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal.
For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our FAQ.

Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any subsequent version of this Privacy Policy becomes effective, following notice as outlined above, constitutes acceptance of that version of the Privacy Policy on your part.

If you have questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or the information collected under this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@wikimedia.org or contact us directly.

Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world.

This privacy policy was approved by the board on April 25th 2014 and went into effect on June 6, 2014. Previous versions can be found below:
Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy · Requests for user information


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Wikimedia:General_disclaimer
This is an informational website of the Wikimedia Foundation (hereafter "Wikimedia"). The content of this site is being provided freely, and no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, individual contributors to these pages, or project administrators, sysops or anyone else connected with this project subject to your claims against them directly. You are granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikimedia or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited on this site are the property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise stated, Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of such rights, nor can Wikimedia grant rights to use otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Please note that the information found here may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. Wikimedia does not encourage the violation of any laws, but this information is stored on servers in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded to content providers and readers in that jurisdiction. The laws in your country may not recognize a similarly broad protection of free speech; Wikimedia cannot be responsible for potential violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or reuse any of the information contained herein.
For further information, please contact us.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Wikimedia:General_disclaimer
The following pages link to Wikimedia:General disclaimer:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Peacock2.jpg

If this file is eligible for relicensing, it may also be used under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license starting from June 15, 2009.
aragonés | العربية | asturianu | беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ | български | বাংলা | বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী | brezhoneg | bosanski | català | Cebuano | čeština | dansk | Deutsch | Ελληνικά | English | Esperanto | español | eesti | euskara | فارسی | suomi | français | Gaeilge | galego | עברית | hrvatski | magyar | Bahasa Indonesia | Ido | íslenska | italiano | 日本語 | ქართული | ភាសាខ្មែរ | 한국어 | Kurdî | Latina | Lëtzebuergesch | lietuvių | Bahasa Melayu | Napulitano | Nederlands | norsk nynorsk | norsk bokmål | occitan | polski | português | română | русский | slovenčina | slovenščina | shqip | српски / srpski | svenska | తెలుగు | ไทย | Tagalog | Türkçe | українська | اردو | Tiếng Việt | Volapük | Yorùbá | 中文（简体）‎ | 中文（繁體）‎ |
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following 9 pages link to this file:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/File:Peacock2.jpg
The following pages link to File:Peacock2.jpg:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:Files_with_no_machine-readable_source
The following 200 files are in this category, out of 346 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:Hidden_categories
This category contains categories which are hidden with the magic word __HIDDENCAT__.
This category has the following 13 subcategories, out of 13 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:WMF-COM
This hidden category identifies all communications material on this wiki for future reorganisation and pruning by PR material cleanup.
This category has the following 5 subcategories, out of 5 total.
The following 16 pages are in this category, out of 16 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Waldir/Chapters_press_contacts

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Waldir
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log
No matching items in log.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Tags
This page lists the tags that the software may mark an edit with, and their meaning.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/HHVM/About
HHVM (also known as the HipHop Virtual Machine) is a virtual machine for PHP, with an associated just-in-time (JIT) compiler. Deploying HHVM on a MediaWiki wiki should lead to performance improvements across the board for most users.
HHVM was fully deployed to all wikis on 2014-11-25.[1] You can verify that it is enabled for you by visiting Special:Version on your wiki, and checking that it says "HHVM" instead of "PHP" in the "Installed software" table.
Our preliminary benchmarks[2] show that HHVM is significantly faster than the current PHP interpreter.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/HHVM/About
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Quiddity_(WMF)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Quiddity_(WMF)
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Quiddity_(WMF)
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E8%B4%A1%E7%8C%AE/Quiddity_(WMF)
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:用户贡献/Quiddity_(WMF)
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E4%B8%AD%E5%A4%AE%E8%AE%A4%E8%AF%81/Quiddity_(WMF)
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:中央认证/Quiddity_(WMF)
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E5%89%8D%E7%BC%80%E7%B4%A2%E5%BC%95/User:Quiddity_(WMF)/

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:前缀索引/User:Quiddity_(WMF)/

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E6%97%A5%E5%BF%97/Quiddity_(WMF)
综合显示上传、删除、保护、查封以及站长日志。您可以选择一个日志类型查看，或者通过用户名或者被记录的文章来查看。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:日志/Quiddity_(WMF)
综合显示上传、删除、保护、查封以及站长日志。您可以选择一个日志类型查看，或者通过用户名或者被记录的文章来查看。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:%E6%96%87%E4%BB%B6%E5%88%97%E8%A1%A8/Quiddity_(WMF)
本特殊页面展示所有上传的文件。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/Special:文件列表/Quiddity_(WMF)
本特殊页面展示所有上传的文件。

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/wiki/User:Quiddity_(WMF)
I've been a Wikimedian since 2005. See my enwiki userpage, User:Quiddity, for details about me, links that I regularly use, and most of my volunteer contributions. I prefer to use the pseudonym "Quiddity" throughout, as a single name is easier for everyone to follow.
I live in Canada, and am interested in anything related to words, felines, connections, and design.
On my talk pages, or via email (nwilsonwikimedia.org), or on IRC as "quiddity". #wikimedia-collaborationconnect

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/zh-hant/User:Quiddity_(WMF)
I've been a Wikimedian since 2005. See my enwiki userpage, User:Quiddity, for details about me, links that I regularly use, and most of my volunteer contributions. I prefer to use the pseudonym "Quiddity" throughout, as a single name is easier for everyone to follow.
I live in Canada, and am interested in anything related to words, felines, connections, and design.
On my talk pages, or via email (nwilsonwikimedia.org), or on IRC as "quiddity". #wikimedia-collaborationconnect

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/zh-hans/User:Quiddity_(WMF)
I've been a Wikimedian since 2005. See my enwiki userpage, User:Quiddity, for details about me, links that I regularly use, and most of my volunteer contributions. I prefer to use the pseudonym "Quiddity" throughout, as a single name is easier for everyone to follow.
I live in Canada, and am interested in anything related to words, felines, connections, and design.
On my talk pages, or via email (nwilsonwikimedia.org), or on IRC as "quiddity". #wikimedia-collaborationconnect

--URL: http://zh.wiktionary.org/zh/User:Quiddity_(WMF)
I've been a Wikimedian since 2005. See my enwiki userpage, User:Quiddity, for details about me, links that I regularly use, and most of my volunteer contributions. I prefer to use the pseudonym "Quiddity" throughout, as a single name is easier for everyone to follow.
I live in Canada, and am interested in anything related to words, felines, connections, and design.
On my talk pages, or via email (nwilsonwikimedia.org), or on IRC as "quiddity". #wikimedia-collaborationconnect

--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Help:Extension:GlobalUserPage
The GlobalUserPage extension lets you reuse the same user page across multiple wikis in a wikifarm.


In most cases, you don't need to do anything. If a local user page is not showing what you desire, you may need one or more of the following steps.
Your global user page is generated on the central wiki, and the result is shown on local wikis. The content you see on the central wiki is what you'll see on other wikis. This means:
Wikilinks are relative, so they'll point to the local wiki. On Wikimedia projects, use interwiki links.
Just like transcluding a template, you can use the <noinclude> and <includeonly> tags to control what content is displayed only locally, or only globally.
You can "opt out" of global user pages by simply wrapping your central user page in <noinclude> tags. If the page is empty or consists only of invisible content like __NOINDEX__, it won't be shown on other wikis.


--URL: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Help:Extension:GlobalUserPage
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Help:Extension:GlobalUserPage
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help_talk:Extension:GlobalUserPage


@Legoktm: How will you be suggesting to manage meta user pages that have meta specific links? Use of m: in the link will not work locally, cannot use a template as that won't transclude, and wrapping the m: component in <includeonly> multiple times is going to be a PITA, and hard to get users to undertake. Is there a technical means that this could be addressed? Thanks. — billinghurst sDrewth 12:31, 6 February 2015 (UTC)
— Preceding unsigned comment added by Billinghurst (talk • contribs) 00:12, 8 February 2015‎
Hi. Is there/Will there be a way to change the default page from the Meta's page itself to e.g. some subpage like m:Special:MyPage/global? It's not like I'm too happy with need to have loads of fancy parser functions (well otherwise I don't see how I'm gonna have it rendered depending on content language, wiki's type (I mean wp, wq, wb etc.) and so on) on the userpage itself, while it wont be so bad somewhere on a subpage I think. --Base (talk) 03:32, 12 February 2015 (UTC)
if consider language only. Well if it would not be possible to transclude subpages than I'd have to have the contents right in the switch's code. That's why it's going to be a big code which I don't want to store on the userpage itself) --Base (talk) 22:11, 12 February 2015 (UTC)
Will this extension work 'correctly' with user pages which are translated using Extension:Translate? Will it show the correct language? If not, or if there is meta policy against translating user pages, we should document that in the help page otherwise there will be a flood of user page translations.
I notice that meta doesnt have any user pages using Translate, except User:Nemo bis/Fréttinga. John Vandenberg (talk) 07:09, 18 February 2015 (UTC)
Is it possible to have a local page which pulls the global page but adds some content? E.g. some wikis like to categorize user pages. --Tgr (WMF) (talk) 01:40, 19 February 2015 (UTC)
Is there an option to change the central wiki? For example, I would like my userpage of enwiki to be automatically transcluded everywhere, instead of meta. Is this possible? If not, will it ever be? Rehman 10:07, 19 February 2015 (UTC)
I would like to warn visitors of my user pages in all Wikipedias and other Wikimedia's projects in languages I do not understand that I do not understand their language. So, I wrote: {{#babel:<includeonly>{{#ifeq:{{CONTENTLANGUAGE}}|ru||{{#ifeq:{{CONTENTLANGUAGE}}|eo||{{#ifeq:{{CONTENTLANGUAGE}}|en||{{CONTENTLANGUAGE}}-0}}}}}}|</includeonly>ru|eo-3|en-1}}. But the code inside of the includeonly block seems to work like it does not exist (example). IMHO, it would be useful if the variables and magic words would be transcluded on the final page. Gamliel Fishkin 00:14, 22 February 2015 (UTC)
I've been looking forward to global user pages for a long time. Well done for implementing them! I've taken the plunge, and have merged all of my user pages to meta:User:Mike Peel (from enwp, commons, enwikisource and many other wikis). It's mostly been straightforward to do this, however I have encountered several problems, which include bugs in the implementation and general usability issues. Namely:
None of these are deal-breakers: I plan to continue using a single user page for the foreseeable future. I'm reporting these issues in the hope that they will lead to an improvement of functionality, not to complain about them. Thanks. Mike Peel (talk) 22:56, 23 February 2015 (UTC)
On the help page Pathoschild radically trimmed my "this does not work" essay caveat as redundant, because the help page already says that this doesn't work. However, I'd really like to get links with a query part relative to the local wiki, instead of implicitly full URLs linking to the central wiki. Example: Everything constructed with {{special}} rendered as local special page with one name=value parameter (i.e., query part) would be nice. –Be..anyone (talk) 20:18, 25 February 2015 (UTC)
Hi! After the extension activation one of my collegue on itwiki, it:User:Castagna, found out his user page created. In fact he has a user page on meta meta:User:Castagna. He doesn't want the blu link on itwiki so he put the noinclude on meta. The page disappeared, but the blue link remains. It's a bug? --AlessioMela (talk) 23:40, 24 February 2015 (UTC)

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Help_talk:Extension:GlobalUserPage
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Be..anyone
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Be..anyone
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Be..anyone
幫助:用戶貢獻
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E8%B4%A1%E7%8C%AE/Be..anyone
幫助:用戶貢獻
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:用户贡献/Be..anyone
幫助:用戶貢獻
没有找到符合标准的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E4%B8%AD%E5%A4%AE%E8%AE%A4%E8%AF%81/Be..anyone
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:中央认证/Be..anyone
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E5%89%8D%E7%BC%80%E7%B4%A2%E5%BC%95/User:Be..anyone/

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:前缀索引/User:Be..anyone/

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:User-info.svg
本文件并不在中文维基百科上，而是来自维基共享资源。请参阅共享资源上的详细描述、讨论页、页面历史、日志。
An icon from the GNOME-icon-theme.
COPYING
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0 CC BY-SA 3.0 Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 truetrue
English | español | galego | ไทย | +/−
单击某个日期/时间查看对应时刻的文件。
以下58个页面链接至本文件：
以下其他wiki使用此文件：
查看本文件的更多全域用途。

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E9%93%BE%E5%85%A5%E9%A1%B5%E9%9D%A2/File:User-info.svg
以下页面链接至File:User-info.svg：

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:链入页面/File:User-info.svg
以下页面链接至File:User-info.svg：

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Carrotkit/2012

人物 | 人文 | 历史 | 社科 | 社会 | 地理 | 自然 | 科学 | 技術 | 更多...
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header 大家好！我是維基百科巡查員及回退員Carrotkit，同時是維基近衛騎士。 User:Carrotkit/2012/box-footer
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header
警告：显示的标题“業績報告”重写了此前显示的标题“Carrotkit 維基百科工作室”。 以下是我建立或大量擴充，而又成功通過中文維基內容評選的條目。
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-footer
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header
感謝各位贈予的維基榮譽，我會不斷努力！
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-footer
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header



User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-footer
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-header
这是该用户的快速删除提名列表，由2013年7月9日開始記錄；注意某些日志因含有不當字句而被刪除。
User:Carrotkit/2012/box-footer
查 論 編 歷
（以下带*号者，请加签名~~~~作结）

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E6%97%A5%E5%BF%97/Carrotkit
所有Wikipedia公开日志的联合展示。您可以通过选择日志类型、输入用户名（区分大小写）或相关页面（区分大小写）筛选日志条目。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:日志/Carrotkit
所有Wikipedia公开日志的联合展示。您可以通过选择日志类型、输入用户名（区分大小写）或相关页面（区分大小写）筛选日志条目。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Asd5507

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E6%97%A5%E5%BF%97/Asd5507
所有Wikipedia公开日志的联合展示。您可以通过选择日志类型、输入用户名（区分大小写）或相关页面（区分大小写）筛选日志条目。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:日志/Asd5507
所有Wikipedia公开日志的联合展示。您可以通过选择日志类型、输入用户名（区分大小写）或相关页面（区分大小写）筛选日志条目。
截止年份： 截止月份： 所有 1月 2月 3月 4月 5月 6月 7月 8月 9月 10月 11月 12月
标签过滤器： 
显示感谢日志

--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E8%B4%A1%E7%8C%AE/Asd5507
幫助:用戶貢獻



--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:用户贡献/Asd5507
幫助:用戶貢獻



--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:%E4%B8%AD%E5%A4%AE%E8%AE%A4%E8%AF%81/Asd5507
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:中央认证/Asd5507
用户名： 


--URL: http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Asd5507
幫助:用戶貢獻



--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Asd5507
No changes were found matching these criteria.

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Wikidata:Data_access
This page is a starting point for you if you are an institution, company or organisation that wants to use data from Wikidata.


Wikidata offers a wide range of general data about our universe as well as links to other databases. The data is published under CC-0. It can be edited by anyone and is maintained by Wikidata's editor community.
There are several ways to access and edit the data from Wikidata. You can access data per item, or the entirety of the data as dumps.
Data can be accessed either via dereferencable URIs following linked data standards, or through the MediaWiki API.
Each item or property has a URI that is obtained by appending its ID (such as Q42 or P12) to the Wikidata namespace:
For example, the URI of Douglas Adams is http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42. Data about the item or property can be obtained from this URI, where the file format of the data can be selected through content negotiation. When opening the URI in a normal Web browser, the HTML content will be displayed.
For cases where it is inconvenient to use content negotiation (like in a normal Web browser), one can also access per-entity data in specific formats by extending the URI with a postfix to indicate the file type, such as .json, .rdf, .ttl or .nt. For example, http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json leads to a JSON export for item Q42. Specific revisions can be obtained by appending a revision query parameter like so http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json?revision=112.
See the documentation of the API.
See the homepage of this API
A properly integrated query service is being worked on. You can track the progress of it in this Phabricator project.
There are currently the following SPARQL endpoints with Wikidata data. They are all maintained by third parties and experimental.
The end points that were set up to assist RDF/SPARQL work at Wikimedia are also use to gather logs of queries, and it is particularly welcomed if you use them to try important queries. Issues should be discussed on the wikidata-l mailing list.
Note that the underlying RDF model used in each store to represent Wikidata contents may differ, since the discussion of this is still in flux as of early 2015. Moreover, some endpoints may only use part of the data (e.g., only simplified statements but not the full ones) or be based on dumps that are not the most recent.
You can also access the API by using a bot. See Wikidata:Bots for more on bots.
See the database dumps documentation.
Wikidata offers you the data in Wikidata for free with no requirement to attribute under CC-0. We would however greatly appreciate if you would mention Wikidata as the origin of your data. This will allow us to ensure that the projects stays around for a long time and provides you with up-to-date and high quality data. We will also promote the best projects using Wikidata's data. Some examples for attributing Wikidata: "Powered by Wikidata", "Powered by Wikidata Tags", "Powered by Wikidata data", "Powered by the magic of Wikidata", "Using Wikidata data", "With data from Wikidata", "Data from Wikidata", "Source: Wikidata", "Including data from Wikidata", ...
You may also use the Wikidata logo (see above), but should not do so in any way that implies endorsement by Wikidata, or the Wikimedia Foundation.
Please offer your users a way to report issues in the data and find a way to feed this back to Wikidata's editor community. We are currently working on steamlining this process. Until then please announce where you collect issues on the Project chat.
A number of great tools are being built on top of Wikidata. The external tools page collects them.


--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Wikidata:Data_access
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Väsk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/V%C3%A4sk
Username: 


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Väsk
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
没有找到匹配这些规则的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E
一般声明 - 风险声明 - 医学声明 - 法律声明 - 内容声明
维基新闻是内容开放的在线的新闻来源，它是由个人和团体自发组成的，是一个发展中的人类知识的共有资源。这个组织允许任何人通过因特网联接和WWW浏览器在这里创建和修改内容。因此，请注意您在这里找到的内容并没有任何相关领域的专家和专业人员在维基新闻上对内容的完善性、正确性或可靠性进行必要的审查。
这并不是说您在维基新闻上找不到有价值的和正确的信息，但是请注意维基新闻不能保证无论以什么方式在这里找到的信息的有效性。它可能在最近已经被修改、破坏，或者有人对它所感兴趣的知识的某些陈述的看法不一致而进行了改变。
请确认您了解到，您从这里所获得的信息都是自由、免费的，而且您没有与任何人有契约关系，无论是本站的使用者、所有者、服务器提供商、任何维基新闻参与者个人、管理员，还是其他任何与本计划及相关计划有直接或间接关系的个人或团体。在一个有条件的许可之下，您可以从本站复制任何内容，但是维基新闻或它的代理人、成员、组织者或其他用户都不承担任何责任。
在维基新闻的页面中所使用或引用的商标、服务标记、图案版权、隐私权或其他类似的权利都归其拥有者所有。将他们用于这里并不意味着你可以将它们用于其它目的。
请注意您在这里所找到的信息有可能违反了您所在国家或地区的法律。维基百科并不鼓励任何人触犯法律，但是由于这些信息都是储存在一台位于美国佛罗里达州的服务器中，任何的内容都是受到诸如美国宪法第一修正案及其他当地法律的保护，以及基于联合国的世界人权宣言的原则。您所在国家法律所保护的言论自由范围可能没有像美国法律或者联合国宪章原则的精神那么广泛，因此如果您使用或链接本站内的任何信息，维基新闻无法为可能带来的违法行为负责。
所导致的任何伤害都不应该构成对维基新闻的指控，因为维基新闻是一个由自愿个人所组成的松散组织，以创造各种内容开放的在线教育、文化和信息资源为目标。在这里的资料是无偿提供给您的，在有关您超越版权许可协议的范围使用或修改这些内容上，您与维基新闻之间没有协议或共识；如果其他人修改您发表在维基新闻或相关计划上的文章，与维基新闻有关的任何人士也都不负任何责任。
非常感谢您花时间阅读这个页面，请您尽情享受在维基新闻的体验。

--URL: http://ru.wikinews.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8:%D0%9E%D1%82%D0%BA%D0%B0%D0%B7_%D0%BE%D1%82_%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%82%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8
Отказ от ответственности – Использование на свой страх и риск – Викиновости не дают медицинских советов – Викиновости не делают юридических заключений – Содержимое может вызвать у вас протест
    +  
Викиновости, интернет-проект с открытым содержимым, является добровольным сообществом личностей и групп, создающих общее хранилище новостей. Его строение позволяет любому, кто имеет доступ к интернету и браузер, изменять его содержание. Поэтому, пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что приведённые здесь сведения могут быть не проверенными профессионалами, обладающими знаниями в соответствующих областях, необходимыми для предоставления вам полной, точной или заслуживающей доверия информации о любом понятии в Викиновостях.
Нельзя сказать, что в Викиновостях не так уж много полезной и точной информации, однако вы должны сознавать, что Викиновости не может никаким способом гарантировать правильность приведённых в ней данных. Во время прочтения они могли быть только что изменены, испорчены, либо написаны тем, чьё мнение отличается от общепринятого в области знаний, интересующей вас.
Мы ищем пути проверки и отбора вызывающих наибольшее доверие версий статей, но мы не можем ничего гарантировать.
Пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что вся информация, находящаяся здесь, предоставлена свободно, как акт доброй воли, без заключения каких-либо договорённостей или договоров между вами и владельцами или пользователями данного сайта, владельцами серверов, на которых он размещён, авторами Викиновостей, администраторами проекта, операторами либо кем-то ещё, любым образом связанными с этим или родственными ему проектами, которые (договора) могут стать предметом прямых претензий. Вам предоставляется ограниченное право копировать содержимое этого сайта — данное право не предусматривает и не подразумевает никакой договорной или иной ответственности за любую часть Викиновостей или его агентов, участников, организаторов или других пользователей.
Любые торговые марки, знаки и названия товаров, служб и организаций, права на дизайн, авторские и смежные права, которые упоминаются, используются или цитируются в статьях, принадлежат их законным владельцам. Их использование здесь не даёт вам право на любое другое использование, кроме предусмотренного авторами статей Викиновостей в соответствии со схемой лицензирования GFDL. Если не указано иное, сайты Википедия и Викимедия никак не связаны с правообладателями, и поэтому Викиновости не может распоряжаться правами на использование материалов, защищённых авторским правом. Вы несёте ответственность за использование этих и подобных материалов.
Обратите внимание, что чтение, распространение или изменение информации, размещённой в Википедии, может являться нарушением законов той страны, в которой вы просматриваете этот сайт. Викиновости не призывают к нарушению никаких законов, но так как информация сохраняется на сервере в штате Флорида в США, мы пользуемся правами, предоставленными всем Первой поправкой к конституции США и принципами Универсальной декларации прав человека ООН. Законы вашей страны могут трактовать защиту свободы слова не так широко, как законы США или Хартия ООН — в этом случае Викиновости не несут ответственности за любые потенциальные нарушения этих законов вами при создании ссылок на этот сайт или другом использовании любой содержащейся здесь информации.
Викиновости не может нести ответственность за любой нанесённый ущерб, так как является добровольным сообществом, свободно организованным для создания открытых образовательных, культурных и информационных ресурсов. Информация предоставляется как акт доброй воли и не существует соглашения или акта о намерениях между вами и Викиновостей относительно использования или изменения информации, не предусмотренного Creative Commons Attribution 2.5. Также никто в Викиновости не несёт ответственности за изменение, редактирование или удаление любой информации, добавленной вами в Викиновости или другие связанные с ней проекты.
Спасибо за время, потраченное на чтение этой страницы. Желаем вам получить только приятные впечатления от пользования Викиновостями.


--URL: https://ru.wikinews.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8:%D0%9E%D0%BF%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5
    +  


Любой может внести свой вклад, и статьи пишутся совместно большой аудиторией. Мы прилагаем все усилия, чтобы соблюсти нейтральную точку зрения, обеспечиваем репортажи, как это возможно.
Кроме того, каждый из нас пишет цитаты, чтобы соблюсти высокие стандарты достоверности.
Наши правила не предусматривают мнения и комментарии в статьях — если необходимо выразить свои мысли, то попробуйте завести блог.
Викиновости — это братский проект большой Википедии, и для дальнейшего развития требуются ещё добровольцы для пополнения новостями, а также деньги, у нас не содержится рекламы. Решения принимаются коллективно в процессе обсуждения.
Викиновости содержат два главных типа статей:
Необходимо знать некоторые основы правки статей. Для этого необходимо изучить руководство «Как править новости». Тем не менее, большой необходимости концентрироваться на этом нет. Если вдруг понадобится помощь, вам помогут другие участники.
Опубликованные статьи появляются на Заглавной странице. Вы можете начать читать их, и, возможно, вы найдёте и исправите ошибки, и/или у вас появятся идеи к написанию здесь других статей.
Викиновости будут иметь своё собственное руководство по оформлению, облегчающее слаженную работу участников по созданию качественных статей. Оно будет содержать много полезных советов, включая указания по грамматике и стилю. Но 99 % необходимого можно узнать, всего лишь взглянув на уже существующие статьи.
Существует несколько способов связаться с другими участниками, пригласить или спросить.
Стоит лишь нажать на ссылку «обсуждение» вверху любой статьи, чтобы перейти на страницу обсуждения для соответствующей статьи. Редактируя страницу обсуждения, можно оставить комментарии для других читателей. Каждый участник также имеет собственную страницу обсуждения, на которой можно оставить ему сообщение.
Internet Relay Chat (IRC) канал #wikinews и #wikinews-ru в сети irc://irc.freenode.net.



--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q4387616

--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Wikidata:Data_access
This page is a starting point for you if you are an institution, company or organisation that wants to use data from Wikidata.


Wikidata offers a wide range of general data about our universe as well as links to other databases. The data is published under CC-0. It can be edited by anyone and is maintained by Wikidata's editor community.
There are several ways to access and edit the data from Wikidata. You can access data per item, or the entirety of the data as dumps.
Data can be accessed either via dereferencable URIs following linked data standards, or through the MediaWiki API.
Each item or property has a URI that is obtained by appending its ID (such as Q42 or P12) to the Wikidata namespace:
For example, the URI of Douglas Adams is http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42. Data about the item or property can be obtained from this URI, where the file format of the data can be selected through content negotiation. When opening the URI in a normal Web browser, the HTML content will be displayed.
For cases where it is inconvenient to use content negotiation (like in a normal Web browser), one can also access per-entity data in specific formats by extending the URI with a postfix to indicate the file type, such as .json, .rdf, .ttl or .nt. For example, http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json leads to a JSON export for item Q42. Specific revisions can be obtained by appending a revision query parameter like so http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42.json?revision=112.
See the documentation of the API.
See the homepage of this API
A properly integrated query service is being worked on. You can track the progress of it in this Phabricator project.
There are currently the following SPARQL endpoints with Wikidata data. They are all maintained by third parties and experimental.
The end points that were set up to assist RDF/SPARQL work at Wikimedia are also use to gather logs of queries, and it is particularly welcomed if you use them to try important queries. Issues should be discussed on the wikidata-l mailing list.
Note that the underlying RDF model used in each store to represent Wikidata contents may differ, since the discussion of this is still in flux as of early 2015. Moreover, some endpoints may only use part of the data (e.g., only simplified statements but not the full ones) or be based on dumps that are not the most recent.
You can also access the API by using a bot. See Wikidata:Bots for more on bots.
See the database dumps documentation.
Wikidata offers you the data in Wikidata for free with no requirement to attribute under CC-0. We would however greatly appreciate if you would mention Wikidata as the origin of your data. This will allow us to ensure that the projects stays around for a long time and provides you with up-to-date and high quality data. We will also promote the best projects using Wikidata's data. Some examples for attributing Wikidata: "Powered by Wikidata", "Powered by Wikidata Tags", "Powered by Wikidata data", "Powered by the magic of Wikidata", "Using Wikidata data", "With data from Wikidata", "Data from Wikidata", "Source: Wikidata", "Including data from Wikidata", ...
You may also use the Wikidata logo (see above), but should not do so in any way that implies endorsement by Wikidata, or the Wikimedia Foundation.
Please offer your users a way to report issues in the data and find a way to feed this back to Wikidata's editor community. We are currently working on steamlining this process. Until then please announce where you collect issues on the Project chat.
A number of great tools are being built on top of Wikidata. The external tools page collects them.


--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Wikidata:Data_access
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/V%C3%A4sk
Username: 


--URL: https://zh.wikinews.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/V%C3%A4sk
没有找到匹配这些规则的更改。

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81%E6%94%BF%E7%AD%96
想要帮助翻译？翻译缺失的信息。
Because we believe that you shouldn’t have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
我们承诺：
请注意：


The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and Wiktionary.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more useable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you shouldn't have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your nonpublic information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.

Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:

We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like “tracking pixels” and “cookies” used in the Privacy Policy. Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our Glossary of Key Terms helpful.

Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
清晰地说，这份隐私权政策覆盖（不论语言）：
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the Wikimedia Shop) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on Wikimedia Labs). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.

This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Where community policies govern information, such as the CheckUser policy, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.



Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
The Wikimedia Sites were primarily created to help you share your knowledge with the world, and we share your contributions because you have asked us to do so.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.

You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address.
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your IP address.
想要创建账户？很好！不想创建账户？也没问题！
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device.
If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services, and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that.

We may use common technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
We use this information to enhance your user experience and to develop new features.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.

Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information helps us administer the Wikimedia Sites and enhance your user experience.
Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.

We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more personalized experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as cookies and local storage. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data can be anything from text, pictures, and whole articles (as we explain further below) to personal information (like your IP address) and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit).
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at privacy@wikimedia.org.
本地存储的数据、JavaScript和追踪像素帮助您：
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our FAQ.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our FAQ. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features may not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through public logs alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site. Information available through public logs will not include personal information about you.

If you choose to provide your email address, we will keep it confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you emails about important information.
You may choose to opt out of certain kinds of notifications.
You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with the Wikimedia Sites. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential, except as provided in this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.
We use your email address to let you know about things that are happening with the Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites, or the Wikimedia movement, such as telling you important information about your account, letting you know if something is changing about the Wikimedia Sites or policies, and alerting you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow. Please note that if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and any other information you provide us, so that we can process and respond to your request.
You can choose to limit some of these kinds of notifications, like those alerting you if an article changes. Others, such as those containing critical information that all users need to know to participate successfully in the Wikimedia Sites, you may not be able to opt out of. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our FAQ.
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive such an email, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email.
Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.

We may ask you to provide us with information through a survey or provide feedback, but you will never be obligated to participate.
Participating in optional surveys or providing feedback helps us make the Wikimedia Sites better. Because every survey and request for feedback may be used for various purposes, we will tell you, at the time we give you the survey or request for feedback, how we plan on using your answers and any personal information you provide. If you don't feel comfortable with how we plan on using the survey or feedback results, you are not obligated to take the survey or give feedback.


If you consent, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. But it's completely up to you whether or not you want us to use geolocation tools to make some features available to you. If you consent, we can use GPS (and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our FAQ.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Sometimes, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive metadata, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.

When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, which can be used to infer your geographical location.
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.


We may share your information when you give us specific permission to do so.

We may share your information for a particular purpose, if you agree. You can find more information in the list of examples in our FAQ.

We will disclose your information in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. We will notify you of such requests when possible.
We may access, preserve, or disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your personal information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
有关更多信息，参见传票常见问题。

In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days notice before any personal information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We, or users with certain administrative rights, may disclose information that is reasonably necessary to:
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, may need to share your personal information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups that have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our Access to Nonpublic Information Policy. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your personal information if we believe that it's reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ for more information.)

We may disclose personal information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers or contractors who help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We may give access to your personal information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)

We may give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We may also share non-personal or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we may give some developers limited access to systems that contain your personal information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we may share non-personal or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to personal information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your personal information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our FAQ.)

Information that you post is public and can been seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your user page or elsewhere.


We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your personal information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).

We only keep your personal information as long as necessary to maintain, understand, and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with U.S. law.
Once we receive personal information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law. Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)
Please remember that certain information is retained and displayed indefinitely, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the Wikimedia Sites.

为了保护维基媒体基金会和其他用户，如果你不认同这份隐私权政策，你不能使用维基媒体网站。

You are consenting to the use of your information in the U.S. and to the transfer of that information to other countries in connection to providing our services to you and others.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure, and other uses of your information in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the transfer of your information by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.

We do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We are strongly committed to not sharing nonpublic information with third parties. In particular, we do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited (including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms), nor do we share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the “When May We Share Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal.
For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our FAQ.

Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any subsequent version of this Privacy Policy becomes effective, following notice as outlined above, constitutes acceptance of that version of the Privacy Policy on your part.

如果你对这份隐私权政策或依据这份隐私权政策收集的信息有意见或建议，请给我们发送电子邮件privacy@wikimedia.org，或直接联系我们。

感谢你阅读我们的隐私权政策。我们希望你能享受对维基媒体网站的使用，并感谢你对创建、维护和持续改进世界上最大的自由知识库的参与。
请注意，在这份隐私权政策的原始英语版本和语言译本之间有任何含义或解释上的差异的情形时，原始英语版本优先。
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Confidentiality agreement · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy


--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Privacy_policy/zh-hans
The following pages link to Privacy policy/zh-hans:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Privacy_policy/zh-hans
The following pages link to Privacy policy/zh-hans:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Talk:Privacy_policy/zh-hans
Special:MyLanguage/

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/
Welcome to Meta-Wiki, the global community site for the Wikimedia projects and the Wikimedia movement in general. Meta-Wiki's discussions range from coordination and documentation to planning and analysis of future Wikimedia activities. Other meta-focused wikis such as Wikimedia Outreach are specialized projects that have their roots in Meta-Wiki. Related discussion also takes place on Wikimedia mailing lists (particularly wikimedia-l, with its low-traffic equivalent WikimediaAnnounce), IRC channels on freenode, individual wikis of Wikimedia affiliates, and other places.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Main_Page
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User_talk:178.63.21.4
This blocked user has had his or her unblock request reviewed by one or more administrators, who has/have reviewed and declined this request. Other administrators can also review this block, but should not override the decision without good reason. Do not remove this unblock review while you are blocked.
Administrators: This template should be removed when the block has expired.
English | español | français | magyar | Plattdüütsch | Nederlands | italiano | edit
user:Tegel, user:Ruy Pugliesi, user:Savh, why you are so irresponsible guys? Who the fuck named you in administrative functions?
Do you even know that Dcirovic was warned 2 times by WMF-paid persons to respect WMF rules?
See here in section "Please slow down a bit" and section "Slow down your bot".
If you don't want to involve in this case to whom / where should i write ?
look here how he totally ignores you (in one minute 61 edits - do you know something about WMF bot policy):

This is the discussion page for an IP user, identified by the user's numerical IP address. Some IP addresses change periodically, and may be shared by several users. If you are an IP user, you may create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other IP users. Registering also hides your IP address. [WHOIS · rDNS · Traceroute · Geolocate (Alternate) · Tor check · Current blocks · Global contributions] · [RIRs: America · Europe · Africa · Asia-Pacific · Latin America/Caribbean]

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Log/178.63.21.4
Combined display of various logs. You can select the log type, the user name (case-sensitive except for the first letter) of the acting user, and/or the affected page (full name required, case-sensitive except for the first letter).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log
No matching items in log.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/User_talk:178.63.21.4
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Ruy_Pugliesi
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:PrefixIndex/User:Ruy_Pugliesi/

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Ruy_Pugliesi/vector.js
Note: After saving, you may have to bypass your browser's cache to see the changes.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Ruy_Pugliesi/global.js
Note: After saving, you may have to bypass your browser's cache to see the changes.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/User:Ruy_Pugliesi/global.js
The following pages link to User:Ruy Pugliesi/global.js:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Pathoschild/2014%E2%80%932015_global_script_migration
These users had global.css or global.js subpages on Meta before August 19th 2014, when the GlobalCssJs extension was deployed. The extension now loads those pages automatically on all SUL-connected wikis, based on the convention introduced by synchbot in 2008–2014. If those users loaded the global CSS/JS through local pages like monobook.js or common.js (usually via synchbot), their scripts will now be loaded twice with potentially strange effects.
Review the affected users to determine whether they need to be migrated with the GlobalCssJs migration script or synchbot.


The list was generated with this SQL query on metawiki_p:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Log/Pathoschild
Combined display of various logs. You can select the log type, the user name (case-sensitive except for the first letter) of the acting user, and/or the affected page (full name required, case-sensitive except for the first letter).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Synchbot/Archives/Kaihsu
Kaihsu (talk) 20:16, 10 March 2015 (UTC)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Synchbot/Archives/Kaihsu
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Banjo
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Banjo
Username: 


--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Banjo
(nyeste | eldste) Vis (50 nyere  | 50 eldre) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(nyeste | eldste) Vis (50 nyere  | 50 eldre) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spesial:Spesialsider

--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spesial:VipsTest
Could not process requested file. Check that it exists on this wiki.

--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spesial:UsersWhoWillBeRenamed
This page lists users registered with this wiki who will be renamed due to single-user login finalization. More information on unified login. Users can request a rename at any time using Special:GlobalRenameRequest.

--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spesial:Bidrag/300zx
Ingen endringer er funnet som passer disse kriteriene.

--URL: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:ListFiles/300zx
This special page shows all uploaded files that have not been deleted; for those see Special:Log.

--URL: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:General_disclaimer
Alemannisch | বাংলা | català | Deutsch | English | español | français | italiano | 日本語 | português | polski | português do Brasil | slovenščina | suomi | svenska | 中文（简体）‎ | 中文（繁體）‎ | русский | +/−
This page is considered an official policy on Wikimedia Commons.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone should follow. Except for minor edits, please make use of the discussion page to propose changes to this policy.
WIKIMEDIA COMMONS MAKES NO GUARANTEE OF VALIDITY
Wikimedia Commons is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation Inc., registered at Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations with number N03000005323. The Wikimedia Foundation is a foundation under the law of the US federal state of Florida. The name and address (as registered as of October 27, 2005) with the U.S. Copyright Office in Washington D.C. for the designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement for the Wikimedia Foundation is:
For questions and interview requests you are welcome to contact the active Wikimedia Commons contributors at an informal level, see Commons:Contact us.
Wikimedia Commons is an online open-content media repository, that is, a voluntary association of individuals and groups who are developing a common resource to house different media. Its structure allows anyone with an Internet connection and World Wide Web browser to alter the content found here. Therefore, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by professionals with the expertise necessary to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.
That's not to say that you won't find valuable and accurate information at the Wikimedia Commons, however please be advised that Wikimedia Commons cannot guarantee, in any way whatsoever, the validity of the information found here. It may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the particular area you are interested in learning about.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, sysops, or anyone else connected with Wikimedia Commons in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual Wikimedia Commons contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikimedia Commons or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the Wikimedia Commons are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikimedia Commons media under the specified licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated Wikimedia Commons and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such Wikimedia Commons can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Please note that the information found here may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. Wikimedia Commons does not encourage the violation of any laws, but as this information is stored on servers in the United States of America, it is being maintained in reference to the protections afforded to all under the United States Constitution's First Amendment and under the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of the United Nations. The laws in your country may not recognize as broad a protection of free speech as the laws of the United States or the principles under the UN Charter and, as such, Wikimedia Commons cannot be responsible for any potential violations of such laws should you link to this domain or use any of the information contained herein in anyway whatsoever.
No consequential damages can be sought against Wikimedia Commons, as it is a voluntary association of individuals developed freely to create various open source online educational, cultural and informational resources. This information is being given to you gratuitously and there is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikimedia Commons regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License (CC-BY-SA) and the GNU Free Documentation License (or such other license as is applied to files); neither is anyone at Wikimedia Commons responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on Wikimedia Commons or any of its associated projects.
Thank you for spending the time to read this page, and please enjoy your experience at Wikimedia Commons.



--URL: https://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E4%B8%80%E8%88%AC%E5%85%8D%E8%B2%AC%E8%81%B2%E6%98%8E
一般免責聲明 – 風險聲明 – 醫藥聲明 – 法律聲明 – 內容聲明
維基百科係網上內容公開嘅一部合作百科全書，係發展人類同享知識嘅志願組織。 呢項計劃嘅結構畀任何上到互聯網嘅人修改佢嘅內容。 請你明白：呢度無嘢真係一定被有專業知識嘅人審過；呢度啲料未必完備、準或者可靠。
That is not to say that you will not find valuable and accurate information in Wikipedia; much of the time you will. However, Wikipedia cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given article may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields.
We are working on ways to select and highlight reliable versions of articles. Our active community of editors uses tools such as the Special:Recentchanges and Special:Newpages feeds to monitor new and changing content. However, Wikipedia is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or engage in casual peer review, they have no legal duty to do so and thus all information read here is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever. Even articles that have been vetted by informal peer review or featured article processes may later have been edited inappropriately, just before you view them.
None of the contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual Wikipedia contributors, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly. You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of Wikipedia or any of its agents, members, organizers or other users.
There is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikipedia regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL); neither is anyone at Wikipedia responsible should someone change, edit, modify or remove any information that you may post on Wikipedia or any of its associated projects.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of the Wikipedia encyclopedia are the property of their respective owners. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the GFDL licensing scheme. Unless otherwise stated Wikipedia and Wikimedia sites are neither endorsed nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such Wikipedia cannot grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials. Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
Publication of information found in Wikipedia may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The Wikipedia database is stored on a server in the State of Florida in the United States of America, and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. Wikipedia does not encourage the violation of any laws; and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce, or republish the information contained herein.
If you need specific advice (for example, medical, legal, financial, or risk management) please seek a professional who is licensed or knowledgeable in that area.

--URL: https://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:%E9%97%9C%E6%96%BC
老友！歡迎你嚟到維基百科，呢度係一本內容開放嘅百科全書。
維基百科全書係本內容開放嘅百科全書。佢嘅目標就係收納人類所有領域嘅知識。粵語維基百科響2006年3月25號開始運作，而家已經有三萬五千九百八十九篇文，而且重唔停噉增加添。維基百科嘅內容可以俾人複製，修改同埋再發佈，只要新嘅版本都同樣跟住我哋嘅許可，並且寫明係嚟自維基百科就得喇。維基百科上嘅文章由始至終都係保持自由。希望維基百科能夠幫到你。介紹維基百科畀你啲朋友啦!
重有，維基百科全書亦係一本用萬國語言寫成嘅百科全書。英文維基百科響2001年1月開始，而家就已經有超過 2,761,289 篇文章。維基百科全書重有其他唔同國家嘅語言版本，若果你需要用其他語言嘅文本，請去首頁下面搵吓。
維基百科用WikiWiki技術，任何人都可以編輯，而全部修改都紀錄晒。粵語維基百科嘅內容由呢個網站嘅所有人一齊寫，我哋相信佢將會響大家嘅無私奉獻下繼續完善。歡迎你一齊參與撰寫維基百科全書嘅工作，自由噉體會寫嘢嘅樂趣，同大家分享你獨到嘅知識同埋經驗。
呢篇文簡介點用同編粵語維基百科；請撳啲藍字嚟睇詳細內容。如果想睇更詳細嘅內容就請去Help同社區大堂。若果有問題嘅就可以去城市論壇搵人幫手。

--URL: https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B4%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%B4%E0%B8%9E%E0%B8%B5%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%94%E0%B8%B5%E0%B8%A2
วิกิพีเดีย (อังกฤษ: Wikipedia) เป็นสารานุกรมเนื้อหาเสรีหลายภาษาบนเว็บไซต์ ซึ่งได้รับการสนับสนุนจากมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดีย องค์กรไม่แสวงผลกำไร เนื้อหากว่า 26 ล้านบทความ (เฉพาะวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษมีเนื้อหากว่า 4.2 ล้านบทความ) เกิดขึ้นจากการร่วมเขียนของอาสาสมัครทั่วโลก ทุกคนที่สามารถเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดียสามารถร่วมแก้ไขได้แทบทุกบทความได้อย่างเสรี โดยมีผู้เขียนประจำราว 100,000 คน[1] จนถึงเดือนเมษายน พ.ศ. 2556 วิกิพีเดียมี 286 รุ่นภาษา และได้กลายมาเป็นงานอ้างอิงทั่วไปที่ใหญ่ที่สุดและได้รับความนิยมมากที่สุดบนอินเทอร์เน็ต[2][3] จนถูกจัดเป็นเว็บที่มีผู้เข้าชมมากที่สุดในโลกอันดับที่ 6 ตามการจัดอันดับของอเล็กซา ด้วยจำนวนผู้อ่านกว่า 365 ล้านคน[2][4] มีการประเมินว่าวิกิพีเดียมีการเรียกดูหน้าถึง 2,700 ล้านครั้งต่อเดือนในสหรัฐอเมริกาประเทศเดียว[5]
วิกิพีเดียเปิดตัวในปี พ.ศ. 2544 โดย จิมมี เวลส์และแลร์รี แซงเจอร์[6] คำว่า "วิกิพีเดีย" เป็นคำที่ประดิษฐ์ขึ้นโดยแลร์รี แซงเจอร์ มาจากการผสมคำว่า "วิกิ" (wiki) ซึ่งเป็นลักษณะของการสร้างเว็บไซต์ที่แบบมีส่วนร่วม เป็นคำในภาษาฮาวายที่แปลว่า "เร็ว" และคำว่า "เอนไซโคลพีเดีย" (encyclopedia) ที่แปลว่าสารานุกรม
มีการกล่าวถึงวิกิพีเดียอยู่บ่อยครั้ง ในแง่ความแตกต่างกับรูปแบบการจัดทำสารานุกรมแบบเก่าที่มีเฉพาะผู้เชี่ยวชาญเป็นผู้จัดทำขึ้น และการรวบรวมเนื้อหาที่ไม่เป็นวิชาการไว้เป็นจำนวนมาก ครั้งเมื่อนิตยสารไทม์จัดให้ "คุณ" (You) เป็นบุคคลแห่งปี พ.ศ. 2549 อันเป็นการยอมรับความสำเร็จที่เกิดขึ้นอย่างรวดเร็วจากความร่วมมือและปฏิสัมพันธ์ออนไลน์ของผู้ใช้หลายล้านคนทั่วโลก ก็ได้อ้างถึงวิกิพีเดียว่าเป็นตัวอย่างหนึ่งของบริการเว็บ 2.0 เช่นเดียวกับยูทูบ มายสเปซ และเฟซบุ๊ก[7] บางคนลงความเห็นว่าวิกิพีเดียมิได้มีความสำคัญเป็นเพียงสารานุกรมอ้างอิงเท่านั้น แต่ยังเป็นแหล่งข่าวที่อัปเดตอย่างรวดเร็วอีกด้วย เพราะมักพบเหตุการณ์ปัจจุบันถูกสร้างเป็นบทความในวิกิพีเดียอย่างรวดเร็ว[8][9] นักเรียนนักศึกษายังได้รับคำสั่งให้เขียนบทความวิกิพีเดียเพื่อฝึกอธิบายแนวคิดที่เข้าใจยากให้ผู้อ่านที่ไม่เคยศึกษามาก่อนเข้าใจได้ชัดเจนและรัดกุม[10]
แม้ว่าวิกิพีเดียจะมีนโยบายอย่างการพิสูจน์ยืนยันได้ของข้อมูลและมุมมองที่เป็นกลาง แต่ก็ยังถูกวิพากษ์วิจารณ์อยู่เสมอ ทั้งในด้านความลำเอียงอย่างเป็นระบบและความไม่สอดคล้องกันของบทความ อีกทั้งการให้น้ำหนักแก่วัฒนธรรมสมัยนิยมมากเกินไปจนไม่เหมาะสม[11] และระบุว่า วิกิพีเดียมักใช้กระบวนการมติเอกฉันท์ในการปรับปรุง[12] ความน่าเชื่อถือและความถูกต้องของข้อมูลก็ตกเป็นเป้าวิพากษ์วิจารณ์อย่างต่อเนื่อง[13] นอกจากนี้ การวิจารณ์อื่นยังมุ่งประเด็นไปยังการก่อกวนและการเพิ่มข้อมูลที่หลอกลวงหรือไม่สามารถพิสูจน์ได้[14] ถึงกระนั้นก็ตาม ผลงานวิชาการเสนอว่าการก่อกวนในวิกิพีเดียเกิดขึ้นในเวลาสั้น ๆ เท่านั้น[15][16] และจากการวิจัยของวารสารเนเจอร์ในปี พ.ศ. 2548 พบว่า บทความวิทยาศาสตร์จากวิกิพีเดียที่นำมาเปรียบเทียบนั้นมีระดับความถูกต้องใกล้เคียงกับสารานุกรมบริตานิกา และทั้งสองมีอัตรา "ข้อผิดพลาดร้ายแรง" ใกล้เคียงกัน[17]
วิกิพีเดียทำงานด้วยซอฟต์แวร์ชื่อมีเดียวิกิ และจัดเก็บในเซิร์ฟเวอร์สามแห่งทั่วโลก โดยมีเซิร์ฟเวอร์ใหญ่อยู่ที่รัฐฟลอริดา สหรัฐอเมริกา และเซิร์ฟเวอร์ย่อยตั้งอยู่ที่อัมสเตอร์ดัม เนเธอร์แลนด์ และโซล เกาหลีใต้ ในขณะที่มูลนิธิสำนักงานใหญ่ตั้งอยู่ที่ซานฟรานซิสโก รัฐแคลิฟอร์เนีย[18]


วิกิพีเดียเริ่มขึ้นจากเป็นโครงการเพิ่มเติมของนูพีเดีย โครงการสารานุกรมเสรีออนไลน์ภาษาอังกฤษ ซึ่งบทความในนูพีเดียนั้นเขียนขึ้นโดยผู้เชี่ยวชาญและได้รับการตรวจสอบภายใต้กระบวนการที่เป็นทางการ นูพีเดียก่อตั้งขึ้นเมื่อวันที่ 9 มีนาคม พ.ศ. 2543 บริหารงานโดยบริษัทเว็บท่า โบมิส บุคคลสำคัญที่มีส่วนสร้างนูพีเดีย ได้แก่ จิมมี เวลส์ ผู้บริหารระดับสูงของโบมิส และแลร์รี แซงเจอร์ บรรณาธิการบริหารของนูพีเดียและวิกิพีเดียในเวลาต่อมา แต่เดิมข้อความในนูพีเดียอยู่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตเนื้อหาเปิดของนูพีเดียเอง แล้วค่อยเปลี่ยนมาใช้สัญญาอนุญาตเอกสารเสรีของกนู ก่อนหน้าที่วิกิพีเดียจะถูกก่อตั้งขึ้น โดยการผลักดันของริชาร์ด สตอลล์แมน[19]
แลร์รี แซงเจอร์และจิมมี เวลส์ร่วมกันก่อตั้งวิกิพีเดีย[20][21] เวลส์ได้ความชอบจากการกำหนดเป้าหมายในการสร้างสารานุกรมที่สามารถแก้ไขได้อย่างเปิดเผย[22][23] ส่วนแซงเจอร์มักได้รับความชอบในด้านยุทธศาสตร์การใช้วิกิเพื่อบรรลุเป้าหมายดังกล่าว[24] วันที่ 10 มกราคม พ.ศ. 2544 แลร์รี แซงเจอร์เสนอบนจดหมายกลุ่มนูพีเดียในการสร้างวิกิเป็นโครงการ "ตัวป้อน" สำหรับนูพีเดีย[25] วิกิพีเดียเปิดตัวอย่างเป็นทางการเมื่อวันที่ 15 มกราคม พ.ศ. 2544 เป็นรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษเพียงรุ่นเดียวภายใต้ชื่อโดเมน www.wikipedia.com[26] และมีการประกาศทางจดหมายกลุ่มนูพีเดียโดยแซงเจอร์[22] นโยบาย "มุมมองที่เป็นกลาง" ของวิกิพีเดียมีการประมวลขึ้นในช่วงไม่กี่เดือนแรกหลังเปิดตัว และมีใจความคล้ายกับนโยบาย "ไม่มีอคติ" ของนูพีเดียก่อนหน้านี้ แต่นอกเหนือจากนี้ เดิมวิกิพีเดียมีกฎค่อนข้างน้อยและดำเนินการเป็นเอกเทศจากนูพีเดีย[22]
ผู้เขียนวิกิพีเดียในช่วงแรกมาจากนูพีเดีย การโพสต์สแลชดอต และดัชนีเว็บเสิร์ชเอนจิน วิกิพีเดียมีบทความประมาณ 20,000 บทความ ใน 18 ภาษา เมื่อถึงปลายปี พ.ศ. 2544 ต่อมาวิกิพีเดียเพิ่มรุ่นภาษาเป็น 26 ภาษา เมื่อถึงปลายปี พ.ศ. 2545, 46 ภาษา ในปลายปี พ.ศ. 2546 และ 161 ภาษา ก่อนสิ้นปี พ.ศ. 2547[27] นูพีเดียและวิกิพีเดียยังคงเปิดให้บริการอยู่ทั้งคู่จนกระทั่งเซิร์ฟเวอร์ของนูพีเดียถูกปิดตัวลงอย่างถาวรใน พ.ศ. 2546 และเนื้อหาถูกรวมเข้ากับวิกิพีเดีย วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษมีบทความเกินสองล้านบทความเมื่อวันที่ 9 กันยายน พ.ศ. 2550 ทำให้วิกิพีเดียเป็นสารานุกรมขนาดใหญ่ที่สุดเท่าที่เคยจัดทำขึ้น แซงหน้าสารานุกรมหย่งเล่อ (พ.ศ. 1950) ที่ถือครองสถิติมาเป็นเวลา 600 ปีพอดี[28]
ผู้ใช้จากวิกิพีเดียภาษาสเปนบางส่วนแตกสาขาวิกิพีเดียออกไปสร้างเป็นเอนซีโกลเปเดียลีเบร ในเดือนกุมภาพันธ์ พ.ศ. 2545 โดยให้เหตุผลว่า กลัวว่าจะมีการโฆษณาเชิงพาณิชย์และการขาดการควบคุมในวิกิพีเดียที่สามารถรู้ได้ว่ามีวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษเป็นศูนย์กลาง[29] ในปีเดียวกัน เวลส์ประกาศว่าวิกิพีเดียจะไม่มีการโฆษณา และเว็บไซต์ได้เปลี่ยนชื่อโดเมนเป็น wikipedia.org[30] โครงการสารานุกรมวิกิอื่นมีการริเริ่มขึ้นจำนวนมาก ส่วนใหญ่อยู่ภายใต้แนวคิดที่แตกต่างกันในรูปแบบการแก้ไขอย่างเปิดเผยและมุมมองเป็นกลางของวิกิพีเดีย วิกิอินโฟไม่มีการควบคุมเรื่องมุมมองเป็นกลางและอนุญาตให้นำเนื้อหาที่เป็นงานค้นคว้าต้นฉบับมาลงได้ โครงการใหม่ซึ่งได้รับแรงบันดาลใจจากวิกิพีเดีย อย่างเช่น ซิติเซนเดียม สคอลาร์พีเดีย คอนเซอร์เวพีเดีย และโนลของกูเกิล ที่ซึ่งบทความมีลักษณะเป็นเรียงความมากกว่าเล็กน้อย[31] ได้เริ่มต้นตั้งคำถามถึงข้อจำกัดที่สัมผัสได้ของวิกิพีเดีย อาทิ นโยบายด้านการกลั่นกรอง งานค้นคว้าต้นฉบับ และการโฆษณาเชิงพาณิชย์
แม้ว่าวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษจะมีจำนวนบทความแตะระดับสามล้านบทความเมื่อเดือนสิงหาคม พ.ศ. 2552 แต่อัตราการเติบโตของรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษ ในแง่ของจำนวนบทความและผู้ร่วมพัฒนา ปรากฏว่าลดลงเมื่อเทียบกับช่วงต้นปี พ.ศ. 2550[32] ในปี พ.ศ. 2549 วิกิพีเดียมีบทความใหม่เพิ่มขึ้นกว่า 1,800 บทความต่อวัน แต่ในปี พ.ศ. 2553 ค่าเฉลี่ยดังกล่าวลดลงเหลือ 1,000 บทความต่อวันเท่านั้น ทีมศึกษาจากศูนย์วิจัยพาโลอัลโตให้เหตุผลว่าแนวโน้มดังกล่าวเป็นผลมาจากการกีดกันที่เพิ่มมากขึ้นของโครงการ[33] ผู้ใช้ใหม่หรือผู้ใช้ไม่ประจำมีอัตราการแก้ไขถูกย้อนกลับหรือถูกลบออกสูงกว่ากลุ่มผู้ใช้ประจำและมีประสบการณ์มากกว่าอย่างมาก หรือที่รู้จักกันอย่างไม่เป็นทางการว่า "คาบาล" ทำให้เป็นการยากยิ่งขึ้นที่จะขยายและรักษาฐานผู้ใช้ใหม่เอาไว้ในระยะยาวได้ ทั้งยังทำให้การสร้างบทความใหม่ซบเซาลง ส่วนการศึกษาอื่น ๆ ได้เสนอแนะว่าอัตราการเติบโตนั้นเริ่มลดลงตามธรรมชาติ เนื่องจากบทความที่เข้าถึงได้ง่ายและมีความสำคัญ เช่น ประเทศจีน มีผู้สร้างขึ้นแล้วในวิกิพีเดีย[34][35]
เดือนพฤศจิกายน พ.ศ. 2552 วิทยานิพนธ์ระดับปริญญาเอกจัดทำโดยเฟลีเป ออร์เตกา นักวิจัยจากมหาวิทยาลัยเรย์ ฮวน การ์โลส ในมาดริด พบว่า วิกิพีเดียรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษสูญเสียฐานผู้พัฒนาไปกว่า 49,000 คน ในช่วงไตรมาสแรกของ พ.ศ. 2552 เปรียบเทียบกับช่วงเดียวกันของปี พ.ศ. 2551 ที่สูญเสียฐานอาสาสมัครไปเพียง 4,900 คน[36][37] เดอะวอลล์สตรีทเจอร์นัลรายงานว่า "จำนวนอาสาสมัครออนไลน์ผู้เขียน แก้ไข และตรวจตรา [วิกิพีเดีย] นับล้านคน กำลังถอนตัวออกไปอย่างที่ไม่เคยปรากฏมาก่อน" ขอบเขตของกฎการแก้ไขและกรณีพิพาทเกี่ยวกับเนื้อหาเหล่านี้เป็นเหตุผลที่อาสาสมัครมีแนวโน้มหดหายลงตามที่บทความดังกล่าวอ้าง[38] ด้านจิมมี เวลส์แย้งข้อมูลดังกล่าว โดยปฏิเสธการสูญเสียฐานอาสาสมัครและตั้งคำถามถึงขั้นตอนวิธีที่ใช้ในการศึกษา[39]
วิกิพีเดียดำเนินการด้วยรูปแบบการแก้ไข "วิกิ" ที่เปิดเผยต่อสาธารณะ ซึ่งแตกต่างไปจากรูปแบบสารานุกรมในอดีต ทุกบทความสามารถแก้ไขได้โดยไม่จำเป็นต้องมีบัญชีผู้ใช้ก่อน ยกเว้นบางหน้าที่มีการก่อกวนอย่างต่อเนื่อง แต่ทุกคนก็ยังสามารถสร้างบทความใหม่ได้ ไม่มีผู้ใดเป็นเจ้าของบทความในวิกิพีเดีย หรือมีบทความอยู่ภายใต้การกลั่นกรองของผู้มีอำนาจใด ๆ แต่บทความจะตกลงกันโดยมติเอกฉันท์
เมื่อบทความมีการเปลี่ยนแปลง การแก้ไขนั้นจะแสดงผลทันทีโดยปราศจากการตรวจทาน ไม่ว่าการแก้ไขนั้นจะมีข้อบกพร่อง เป็นข้อมูลที่ผิด หรือการแก้ไขไร้สาระ ขณะที่วิกิพีเดียบางภาษานอกเหนือไปจากวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษ ซึ่งการควบคุมบริหารไม่ขึ้นต่อกัน สามารถปรับเปลี่ยนนโยบายดังกล่าวได้อย่างเสรี ยกตัวอย่างเช่น วิกิพีเดียรุ่นภาษาเยอรมันบำรุงรักษาระบบ "รุ่นเสถียร" ของบทความ เพื่อให้ผู้อ่านเห็นรุ่นบทความที่ผ่านการตรวจทานแล้วเท่านั้น ในเดือนมิถุนายน พ.ศ. 2553 มีการประกาศว่าวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษจะยกเลิกการจำกัดการแก้ไขอย่างเข้มงวดจากบทความที่ "เป็นที่ถกเถียงกัน" หรือมีแนวโน้มว่าจะถูกก่อกวน โดยใช้การตรวจสอบแทนการจำกัดการแก้ไขสำหรับผู้ใช้ใหม่หรือไม่ได้ลงทะเบียน โดยจะมี "ระบบใหม่ ที่เรียกว่า 'การแก้ไขที่กำลังพิจารณา'" ซึ่งจิมมี เวลส์ให้สัมภาษณ์แก่บีบีซีว่า จะเป็นการทำให้วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษ "เปิดบทความให้ทุกคนแก้ไขได้หลังถูกห้ามมาหลายปี" ระบบ "การแก้ไขที่กำลังพิจารณา" เปิดตัวเมื่อวันที่ 15 มิถุนายน การแก้ไขต่อบทความบางส่วนจะ "ต้องได้รับการทบทวนจากผู้พัฒนาวิกิพีเดียที่ได้รับการแต่งตั้งก่อนจึงจะแสดงผล" เวลส์ไม่เห็นด้วยกับระบบของวิกิพีเดียภาษาเยอรมันที่ต้องให้ตรวจสอบการแก้ไขในทุกบทความ โดยอธิบายว่ามัน "ทั้งไม่จำเป็นและไม่เป็นที่ต้องการ" เขาเสริมอีกว่า ผู้ดูแลระบบของวิกิพีเดียภาษาเยอรมัน "กำลังจะเฝ้ามองระบบของรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษอย่างใกล้ชิด และผมมั่นใจว่าอย่างน้อยพวกเขาจะพิจารณาเปลี่ยนแปลงหากผลลัพธ์ออกมาดี"[41]
ผู้ร่วมพัฒนา ไม่ว่าจะลงทะเบียนหรือไม่ ต่างก็สามารถใช้ประโยชน์ได้จากคุณลักษณะซึ่งเปิดโอกาสให้ใช้โดยซอฟต์แวร์ที่วิกิพีเดียทำงานอยู่ หน้า "ประวัติ" ที่ปรากฏในบทความทุกบทจะบันทึกรุ่นในอดีตทั้งหมดของแต่ละบทความ ถึงแม้ว่าประวัติส่วนที่มีลักษณะเป็นการหมิ่นประมาท ข่มขู่จะดำเนินคดีตามกฎหมาย หรือข้อมูลที่ละเมิดลิขสิทธิ์จะถูกนำออกหลังจากนั้น[42] คุณลักษณะดังกล่าวทำให้เป็นการง่ายที่จะเปรียบเทียบทั้งรุ่นเก่าและรุ่นใหม่ ย้อนการแก้ไขที่ถูกพิจารณาว่าไม่พึงประสงค์ หรือเรียกคืนเนื้อหาที่หายไป หน้า "อภิปราย" ของแต่ละบทความใช้เพื่อเป็นประสานงานระหว่างผู้ร่วมแก้ไขหลายคน[43] ผู้แก้ไขเป็นประจำมักจะ "เฝ้าดู" บทความที่พวกเขาสนใจ เพื่อที่ว่าพวกเขาจะสามารถติดตามการแก้ไขล่าสุดของบทความนั้น ๆ ได้โดยง่าย โปรแกรมคอมพิวเตอร์ที่เรียกว่า อินเทอร์เน็ตบอต ได้ถูกใช้อย่างกว้างขวางเพื่อย้อนการก่อกวนทันทีที่เกิดขึ้น[16] หรืออาจใช้เพื่อคำสะกดผิดที่พบบ่อย และปัญหาด้านการจัดรูปแบบ หรือเพื่อสร้างบทความใหม่ อย่างเช่น สร้างเอ็นทรีภูมิศาสตร์ในรูปแบบมาตรฐานจากข้อมูลสถิติ
บทความในวิกิพีเดียจัดอยู่ในสามแนวทาง ตามสถานะการพัฒนา สาระสำคัญของหัวเรื่อง และระดับการเข้าถึงที่จำเป็นต่อการแก้ไข สถานะบทความที่มีการพัฒนาสูงสุด จะเรียกว่า "บทความคัดสรร" ซึ่งก็คือ บทความที่ได้รับการเห็นชอบจากผู้แก้ไขวิกิพีเดียว่าจะแสดงในหน้าหลักของวิกิพีเดีย[44][45] นักวิจัย จาโคโม โปเดอรี พบว่าบทความมีแนวโน้มว่าจะได้รับสถานะบทความคัดสรรถ้าเป็นงานเขียนอย่างละเอียดถี่ถ้วนของผู้แก้ไขจำนวนน้อย[46] ใน พ.ศ. 2550 ในการเตรียมการจัดทำวิกิพีเดียรุ่นตีพิมพ์ วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษได้ริเริ่มเกณฑ์การประเมินเพื่อตัดสินคุณภาพของบทความ
โครงการวิกิเป็นแหล่งสำหรับกลุ่มผู้แก้ไขที่จะร่วมมือประสานงานกันในหัวเรื่องใดหัวเรื่องหนึ่งโดยเฉพาะ หน้าอภิปรายของโครงการวิกิมักจะใช้เพื่อติดตามการเปลี่ยนแปลงที่เกิดขึ้นในบทความต่าง ๆ วิกิพีเดียยังได้คงรูปแบบของการเขียนที่เรียกว่า คู่มือในการเขียน ซึ่งกำหนดเงื่อนไข อย่างเช่น ในประโยคแรกของแต่ละบทความ หัวเรื่องของบทความหรือชื่ออื่นที่เรียกหัวเรื่องนั้นควรจะทำเป็นตัวหนา
เนื้อหาในวิกิพีเดียอยู่ภายใต้กฎหมาย (โดยเฉพาะอย่างยิ่งกฎหมายลิขสิทธิ์) ของสหรัฐอเมริกาและของรัฐฟลอริดา อันเป็นที่ตั้งของเซิร์ฟเวอร์วิกิพีเดียส่วนใหญ่ นอกจากนี้ หลักการแก้ไขวิกิพีเดียถูกรวบรวมไว้ใน "ห้าเสาหลัก" และนโยบายและแนวปฏิบัติจำนวนหนึ่งที่เจตนาเพื่อปรับรูปแบบของเนื้อหาให้เหมาะสม ระเบียบเหล่านี้จะถูกเก็บในรูปแบบวิกิ และชุมชนผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดียสามารถเขียนและทบทวนนโยบายและแนวปฏิบัติเหล่านี้[47] การบังคับใช้กฎโดยการลบหรือแก้ไขเนื้อหาบทความที่ไม่เป็นไปตามนั้น กฎระเบียบของวิกิพีเดียภาษาอื่นเริ่มต้นจากการแปลกฎระเบียบของวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษแล้วอาจมีส่วนต่อขยายแตกต่างกันไป กฎระเบียบเหล่านี้โดยทั่วไปมีความคล้ายกัน แต่แตกต่างกันในรายละเอียด
ตามระเบียบของวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษและภาษาไทย เนื้อหาที่ควรแก่การเก็บไว้บนวิกิพีเดียจะต้องเป็นเรื่องที่เป็นสารานุกรมและไม่ใช่บทความประเภทที่คล้ายกับพจนานุกรม หัวเรื่องควรจะเป็นไปตามมาตรฐานของวิกิพีเดียด้าน "ความโดดเด่น" ด้วย ซึ่งโดยปกติแล้วหมายความว่า หัวเรื่องนั้นจะต้องได้รับการกล่าวถึงอย่างสำคัญในแหล่งอ้างอิงทุติยภูมิที่น่าเชื่อถือ เช่น สื่อกระแสหลัก หรือวารสารวิชาการที่สำคัญ รวมถึงจะต้องไม่มีส่วนได้เสียกับหัวเรื่องด้วย นอกเหนือจากนั้น วิกิพีเดียจะต้องเผยแพร่เฉพาะความรู้ที่ได้รับการยอมรับเท่านั้น หรือกล่าวได้ว่าจะไม่มีการนำเสนอข้อมูลใหม่หรืองานค้นคว้าต้นฉบับ การอ้างข้อมูลซึ่งอาจถูกคัดค้านได้จำเป็นต้องมีแหล่งข้อมูลที่น่าเชื่อถือเป็นแหล่งอ้างอิงยืนยัน มีการกล่าวอยู่บ่อยครั้งในหมู่ผู้แก้ไขวิกิพีเดียว่า "พิสูจน์ยืนยันได้ ไม่ใช่ความจริง" เพื่อแสดงแนวคิดที่ว่าผู้อ่านเป็นผู้รับผิดชอบทั้งหมดในการตรวจสอบข้อเท็จจริงของบทความและตีความด้วยตนเอง ไม่ใช่ตัวสารานุกรมที่เป็นผู้รับผิดชอบ ท้ายที่สุดคือ วิกิพีเดียจะต้องไม่เลือกข้าง ความคิดเห็นและมุมมองทั้งหมดซึ่งยกมาจากแหล่งข้อมูลอื่นนั้น จำต้องมีอยู่ในบทความโดยเสมอกัน[48] ซึ่งเป็นที่รู้จักกันในนโยบายมุมมองที่เป็นกลาง
วิกิพีเดียมีหลายวิธีในการจัดการกับข้อพิพาท วัฏจักร "กล้า ย้อน อภิปราย" เกิดขึ้นเป็นบางครั้ง โดยเป็นกรณีที่ผู้ใช้คนหนึ่งได้ทำการแก้ไข ขณะที่ผู้ใช้อีกคนหนึ่งย้อนการแก้ไขนั้น และประเด็นดังกล่าวได้รับการอภิปรายในหน้าอภิปรายอย่างเหมาะสม เพื่อที่จะให้ได้รับมติประชาคมที่กว้างขวางยิ่งขึ้น ประเด็นปัญหาหนึ่ง ๆ สามารถถูกหยิบยกขึ้นมาพูดคุยกันที่ศาลาชุมชน หรือขอความเห็นเพื่อรวบรวมข้อมูลความคิดเห็นของผู้ใช้คนอื่น นอกจากนี้ ยังมีหน้าสำหรับให้ผู้ใช้รายงานความไม่สุภาพ ไม่เป็นอารยะ หรืออุปสรรคในการสื่อสารกับผู้ใช้คนอื่นด้วย
ผลวิเคราะห์ทางสถิติบ่งชี้ว่าการแก้ไขข้อพิพาทของวิกิพีเดียนั้นมักจะละเลยเนื้อหาความขัดแย้งระหว่างผู้ใช้และมุ่งไปยังความประพฤติของผู้ใช้มากกว่า จึงไม่ค่อยแก้ไขข้อพิพาทหรือสร้างสันติระหว่างผู้ใช้ที่ขัดแย้งกันได้มากนัก แต่เป็นไปเพื่อยุติปัญหาโดยเร็วโดยกีดกันผู้ใช้สร้างปัญหาออก และดึงเอาผู้ใช้ที่มีศักยภาพในการสร้างสรรค์กลับเข้ามามีส่วนร่วม แนวทางแก้ไขเช่นนี้รวมไปถึงการแบนผู้ใช้จากวิกิพีเดีย (ประมาณ 15.7% ของกรณีทั้งหมด) ปรามหัวข้อที่ขัดแย้ง (23.4%) แบนบทความ (43.3%) และการเตือนกับคอยตรวจสอบความประพฤติ (63.2%) การแบนจากวิกิพีเดียตลอดกาลจำกัดอยู่เฉพาะกรณีที่มีการปลอมเป็นผู้อื่นและมีพฤติกรรมต่อต้านสังคม ขณะที่การเตือนมักใช้สำหรับเตือนเรื่องพฤติกรรมการแก้ไขและพฤติกรรมที่ค้านต่อมติส่วนใหญ่ มากกว่าจะใช้กับพฤติกรรมที่ต่อต้านสังคม[49]
ข้อความทั้งหมดในวิกิพีเดียอยู่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตเอกสารเสรีของกนู (GDFL) สัญญาอนุญาตกอปปีเลฟต์ซึ่งอนุญาตให้มีการแจกจ่าย ดัดแปลงงานเขียน และนำเนื้อหาไปใช้ในเชิงพาณิชย์ ขณะที่ผู้สร้างสรรค์ผลงานยังคงถือครองลิขสิทธิ์ผลงานของตนอยู่ จนถึงเดือนมิถุนายน พ.ศ. 2552 เมื่อวิกิพีเดียเปลี่ยนไปใช้สัญญาอนุญาตครีเอทีฟคอมมอนส์ แบบแสดงที่มา-อนุญาตแบบเดียวกัน (CC-by-SA) 3.0[50] วิกิพีเดียได้ดำเนินการเปลี่ยนไปใช้สัญญาอนุญาตครีเอทีฟคอมมอนส์แทน GFDL นั้น เพราะเดิม GFDL ถูกออกแบบมาสำหรับคู่มือซอฟต์แวร์ และถูกพิจารณาว่าไม่เหมาะสมสำหรับงานอ้างอิงออนไลน์ และสัญญาอนุญาตทั้งสองนี้ไม่สามารถใช้แทนกันได้[51]
ตามคำร้องขอของมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดีย ในเดือนพฤศจิกายน พ.ศ. 2551 มูลนิธิซอฟต์แวร์เสรี (FSF) ได้ออกรุ่นใหม่ของ GFDL ซึ่งออกแบบมาเพื่อเปิดโอกาสให้วิกิพีเดียเปลี่ยนสัญญาอนุญาตเนื้อหาของตนเป็น CC-BY-SA ภายในวันที่ 1 สิงหาคม พ.ศ. 2552 โดยเฉพาะ วิกิพีเดียและโครงการพี่น้องได้จัดการลงมติทุกโครงการเพื่อตัดสินใจว่าจะทำการเปลี่ยนแปลงสัญญาอนุญาตหรือไม่ การลงมติมีขึ้นตั้งแต่วันที่ 9-30 เมษายน[52] ซึ่งผลออกมาว่าร้อยละ 75.8 เห็นด้วย ร้อยละ 10.5 ไม่เห็นด้วย และร้อยละ 13.7 ไม่มีความคิดเห็น[53] และหลังจากการลงมติดังกล่าว คณะกรรมการจัดการมูลนิธิได้ลงคะแนนเสียงเปลี่ยนไปใช้สัญญาอนุญาตครีเอทีฟคอมมอนส์ ซึ่งมีผลนับตั้งแต่วันที่ 15 มิถุนายน พ.ศ. 2552[53]
การจัดการไฟล์สื่อ (เช่น ไฟล์ภาพ) แตกต่างกันไปในแต่ละรุ่นภาษา ทั้งนี้ เนื่องจากความแตกต่างของกฎหมายลิขสิทธิ์ในแต่ละประเทศ ยกตัวอย่างเช่น การอ้างนำไปใช้งานโดยชอบธรรมไม่มีอยู่ในกฎหมายลิขสิทธิ์ญี่ปุ่น ไฟล์สื่อซึ่งอยู่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตเนื้อหาเสรีจะถูกแบ่งกันใช้ทั่วรุ่นภาษาโดยคลังสื่อวิกิมีเดียคอมมอนส์ โครงการซึ่งบริหารจัดการโดยมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดียเช่นเดียวกัน
เนื่องจากเนื้อหาวิกิพีเดียเผยแพร่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตเสรี ทุกคนจึงสามารถแจกจ่ายเนื้อหานี้ได้โดยไม่เสียค่าใช้จ่ายใด ๆ เนื้อหาของวิกิพีเดียถูกนำไปตีพิมพ์ในหลายรูปแบบ ทั้งแบบออนไลน์และออฟไลน์ นอกเหนือไปจากเว็บไซต์วิกิพีเดีย
รูปแบบการแก้ไขซึ่งมีธรรมชาติเปิดกว้างตกเป็นประเด็นวิพากษ์วิจารณ์หลักของวิกิพีเดีย ตัวอย่างเช่น ผู้อ่านไม่อาจมั่นใจได้เลยว่าบทความนั้นไม่มีการสอดแทรกเนื้อหาข้อมูลผิด ๆ หรือนำข้อมูลที่สำคัญออก อดีตบรรณาธิการบริหารของสารานุกรมบริตานิกา รอเบิร์ต แมคเฮนรี เคยอธิบายถึงปัญหาดังกล่าวว่า[63]
ผู้ใช้ซึ่งเข้าชมวิกิพีเดียเพื่อเรียนรู้เกี่ยวกับหัวข้อใดหัวข้อหนึ่ง เพื่อยืนยันข้อเท็จจริงบางประเด็น ก็เปรียบเหมือนกับผู้ที่มาใช้ห้องน้ำสาธารณะ มันอาจจะสกปรกอย่างเห็นได้ชัด ดังนั้นเขาจึงรู้จักวิธีการดูแลตัวเองอย่างระมัดระวัง หรือมันอาจดูค่อนข้างสะอาด ที่อาจหลอกให้เข้าใจอย่างผิด ๆ ว่ามันปลอดภัย สิ่งที่เขาผู้นี้ไม่รู้เลยคือมีใครบ้างที่มาใช้ห้องน้ำแห่งนี้ก่อนหน้าเขาบ้าง[64]
อย่างไรก็ตาม การลบส่วนที่เป็นการก่อกวนที่เห็นได้อย่างชัดเจนออกจากบทความนั้นสามารถทำได้ง่าย เนื่องจากมีการเก็บบันทึกรุ่นก่อนหน้าทั้งหมดของบทความไว้ ในทางปฏิบัติแล้ว เวลาเฉลี่ยที่ใช้ในการตรวจจับและแก้ไขการก่อกวนนั้นกินเวลาสั้นมาก ปกติแล้วจะกินเวลาไม่กี่นาที[15][16] แต่มีกรณีที่รู้กันทั่วอยู่กรณีหนึ่งเมื่อมีการเพิ่มข้อมูลผิด ๆ ลงในบทความชีวประวัติของนักการเมืองอเมริกัน จอห์น ซีเจนทาเลอร์ โดยไม่ถูกตรวจพบเลยเป็นเวลานานถึงสี่เดือน[65] เขาเรียกวิกิพีเดียว่าเป็น "เครื่องมือวิจัยที่บกพร่องและไร้ความรับผิดชอบ"[65] จอห์น ซีเจนทาเลอร์ ผู้ก่อตั้งผู้อำนวยการกองบรรณาธิการของยูเอสเอทูเดย์ และผู้ก่อตั้งฟรีดอมฟอรัมเฟิสท์อะเมนด์เมนท์เซ็นเตอร์ที่มหาวิทยาลัยแวนเดอร์บิลท์ ได้โทรศัพท์ไปหาจิมมี เวลส์ และถามเขาว่าเวลส์รู้เห็นกับผู้ที่สอดแทรกข้อมูลที่ผิดหรือไม่ เวลส์ตอบว่าเขาไม่ทราบ อย่างไรก็ตาม ตัวผู้กระทำได้ถูกตามจนพบในภายหลัง[66][67] เหตุการณ์ดังกล่าวนำไปสู่การเปลี่ยนแปลงนโยบายของเว็บ โดยเฉพาะอย่างยิ่งด้านการพิสูจน์ยืนยันได้ของบทความชีวประวัติของบุคคลที่ยังมีชีวิตอยู่ทั้งหมดให้รัดกุมยิ่งขึ้น
โครงสร้างที่เปิดเผยของวิกิพีเดียทำให้ตกเป็นเป้าการก่อกวนของเกรียน (troll) ได้ง่าย รวมทั้งการสแปม และผู้ต้องการเรียกร้องความสนใจ[42][68] การเพิ่มเนื้อหาเกี่ยวกับการเมืองในบทความโดยองค์กร ซึ่งรวมไปถึงสมาชิกสภาผู้แทนราษฎรสหรัฐอเมริกาและกลุ่มความสนใจพิเศษอื่น ๆ [14] ก็ได้ถูกพบด้วย[69] แม้แต่องค์กรอย่างเช่น ไมโครซอฟท์ ยังเสนอเงินจูงใจเพื่อให้มีการปรับปรุงบางบทความอีกด้วย[70] ประเด็นดังกล่าวถูกนำไปเขียนล้อเลียนเป็นอย่างมาก[71]
กรณีตัวอย่างที่เกิดขึ้นคือ ในเดือนสิงหาคม พ.ศ. 2550 เมื่อเว็บไซต์วิกิสแกนเนอร์ได้เริ่มแกะรอยแหล่งที่มาของการแก้ไขวิกิพีเดียโดยผู้ใช้ปกปิดตนเองซึ่งไม่มีบัญชีผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดีย โปรแกรมได้เปิดเผยว่าการแก้ไขเหล่านี้จำนวนมากเป็นของบริษัทหรือหน่วยงานของรัฐซึ่งปรับเปลี่ยนเนื้อหาในบทความที่เกี่ยวข้องกับตัวองค์กร บุคลากรหรือผลงานขององค์กรนั้น[72]
ในทางปฏิบัติแล้ว วิกิพีเดียมีการป้องกันจากการโจมตีโดยระบบและเทคนิคอันหลากหลาย ซึ่งรวมไปถึงผู้ใช้ที่คอยตรวจสอบหน้าและการแก้ไข (อาทิ รายการเฝ้าดู และหน้าปรับปรุงล่าสุด) โปรแกรมคอมพิวเตอร์ หรือบอต ซึ่งได้รับการออกแบบมาอย่างระมัดระวังเพื่อพยายามตรวจจับการโจมตีและแก้ไขการก่อกวนเหล่านี้โดยอัตโนมัติหรือกึ่งอัตโนมัติ มีตัวกรองที่คอยเตือนผู้ใช้ถึงการแก้ไขที่ไม่พึงประสงค์ การบล็อกการเพิ่มลิงก์ไปยังเว็บไซต์บางเว็บ การบล็อกแก้ไขจากบัญชีผู้ใช้บางบัญชี หมายเลขไอพีหรือช่วงไอพีหนึ่ง ๆ
สำหรับหน้าที่ถูกโจมตีอย่างหนัก บทความบางบทอาจถูกกึ่งล็อกเพื่อให้เฉพาะบัญชีผู้ใช้ที่ได้รับการยอมรับเป็นอย่างดีสามารถแก้ไขได้ หรือสำหรับบางกรณีที่มีข้อพิพาทกันหนักขึ้น อาจมีการล็อกถึงขั้นที่ว่ามีเฉพาะผู้ดูแลระบบเท่านั้นที่จะสามารถแก้ไขบทความได้ การล็อกเป็นมาตรการที่ใช้ไม่บ่อยครั้งนัก และโดยทั่วไปแล้วจะกินเวลาไม่นาน เฉพาะเมื่อการกระทำนั้นมีแนวโน้มว่าจะยังดำเนินต่อไปเท่านั้น
วิกิพีเดียตั้งเป้าหมายไว้ว่าจะสร้างบทสรุปความรู้ทั้งหมดของมนุษย์ในรูปแบบสารานุกรมออนไลน์ โดยมีหัวข้อความรู้แต่ละหัวข้อครอบคลุมหนึ่งบทความอย่างเป็นสารานุกรม เนื่องจากวิกิพีเดียมีเนื้อที่ไม่จำกัดอย่างแท้จริง จึงสามารถบรรจุเนื้อหาได้มากกว่าสารานุกรมตีพิมพ์แบบเก่าทุกเล่มที่เคยมีมา นอกจากนี้ยังบรรจุสื่อหรือเนื้อหาที่บางคนอาจมองว่าน่ารังเกียจ ก้าวร้าว หรือลามกอนาจาร วิกิพีเดียแสดงจุดยืนชัดเจนว่านโยบายดังกล่าวมิได้มีไว้เป็นข้อโต้เถียงกัน และนโยบายดังกล่าวบางครั้งก็พิสูจน์แล้วว่าก่อให้เกิดการโต้แย้งกันขึ้นบ่อยครั้ง อย่างเช่น ในปี พ.ศ. 2551 วิกิพีเดียปฏิเสธรับการร้องเรียนออนไลน์ต่อต้านการสอดแทรกเนื้อหาที่กล่าวถึงภาพวาดนบีมุฮัมมัดในรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษ โดยอ้างนโยบายดังกล่าว การมีอยู่ของสื่อที่อ่อนไหวทางการเมืองในวิกิพีเดียนำไปสู่การบล็อกการเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดียของสาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน[74] และอาจรวมไปถึงมูลนิธิเฝ้าระวังภัยอินเทอร์เน็ต
จนถึงเดือนกันยายน พ.ศ. 2552 วิกิพีเดียมีบทความเนื้อหาครอบคลุมถึงสถานที่เกือบครึ่งล้านแห่งบนโลก อย่างไรก็ตาม งานวิจัยซึ่งดำเนินการโดยสถาบันอินเทอร์เน็ตออกซ์ฟอร์ดได้แสดงให้เห็นว่า บทความภูมิศาสตร์นี้กระจายไปยังภูมิภาคต่าง ๆ ไม่เสมอกันอย่างมาก บทความส่วนใหญ่เขียนเกี่ยวกับอเมริกาเหนือ ยุโรป และเอเชียตะวันออก และมีส่วนน้อยมากที่กล่าวถึงพื้นที่ส่วนใหญ่ของประเทศกำลังพัฒนา รวมไปถึงส่วนใหญ่ของแอฟริกา[75]
การศึกษาวิจัยเมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2551 โดยนักวิจัยจากมหาวิทยาลัยคาร์เนกีเมลลอนและศูนย์วิจัยพาโลอัลโต ได้จำแนกจำนวนบทความแบ่งตามประเภท ตลอดจนอัตราการเพิ่มจำนวน ตั้งแต่เดือนกรกฎาคม พ.ศ. 2549 ถึงมกราคม พ.ศ. 2551 ไว้ดังนี้[73]
อย่างไรก็ดี พึงตระหนักจำนวนเหล่านี้หมายถึงจำนวนบทความ ซึ่งบางบทความอาจจะสั้นมาก ขณะที่บางบทความอาจมีความยาวมากก็ได้
การครอบคลุมที่แน่นอนของวิกิพีเดียยังคงอยู่ภายใต้การตรวจสอบอย่างต่อเนื่องของผู้ร่วมพัฒนา และความไม่เห็นด้วยว่าเรื่องใดเรื่องหนึ่งควรจะมีในวิกิพีเดียหรือไม่ไม่ใช่เรื่องแปลกแต่อย่างใด[76][77]
เนื่องจากโดยปกติแล้วผู้ร่วมพัฒนาจะเรียบเรียงเนื้อหาเป็นส่วนน้อย ๆ มากกว่าแก้ไขปรับปรุงบทความทั้งบท จึงเป็นไปได้ที่ในบทความเดียวกันหนึ่ง ๆ จะมีเนื้อหาคุณภาพสูงและต่ำผสมปนเปกันอยู่ บางครั้งนักวิจารณ์ว่าการแก้ไขโดยผู้ที่ไม่ใช่ผู้เชี่ยวชาญนั้นทำให้คุณภาพของงานต่ำ ตัวอย่างเช่น รอย โรเซนซไวก์ เคยวิจารณ์การเรียบเรียงภาษาและการที่ไม่สามารถแยกแยะสิ่งสำคัญแท้จริงกับสิ่งที่เพียงแต่น่าดึงดูดใจเท่านั้น เขากล่าวว่าวิกิพีเดีย "แม่นยำอย่างน่าประหลาดใจในการรายงานชื่อ วันที่ และเหตุการณ์ในประวัติศาสตร์สหรัฐ" (ซึ่งเป็นขอบเขตการศึกษาของโรเซนซไวก์) และข้อเท็จจริงที่ผิดพลาดเล็กน้อยนั้นส่วนใหญ่แล้วเป็นเพราะเนื้อหา "มีน้อยและไม่ต่อเนื่องกัน" และเนื้อหาบางส่วน "แค่ย้ำความเชื่อผิด ๆ ที่ยึดถือกันอย่างกว้างขวางเท่านั้น" ซึ่งยังได้ปรากฏซ้ำใน เอ็นคาร์ตา และ บริตานิกา เช่นกัน อย่างไรก็ตาม เขามีข้อวิจารณ์หนึ่งข้อใหญ่
การเขียนประวัติศาสตร์ที่ดีนั้นไม่เพียงแต่ต้องใช้เฉพาะข้อเท็จจริงที่แม่นยำเท่านั้น แต่ยังรวมไปถึงการควบคุมผลงานตีพิมพ์อย่างเป็นวิชาการด้วย การวิเคราะห์และการตีความแบบชักจูง ตลอดจนการเขียนที่ชัดเจนและดึงดูดใจ และด้วยเหตุผลที่กล่าวมานี้ ชีวประวัติแห่งชาติอเมริกันออนไลน์ (American National Biography Online) จึงทิ้งห่างวิกิพีเดียไปได้อย่างง่ายดาย[78]
เขายังเปรียบเทียบเนื้อหาของอับราฮัม ลินคอล์นในวิกิพีเดียกับที่เขียนโดยนักประวัติศาสตร์สงครามกลางเมืองอเมริกัน เจมส์ แมคเฟียร์สัน ใน ชีวประวัติแห่งชาติอเมริกันออนไลน์ เขากล่าวว่า ทั้งสองมีความถูกต้องแม่นยำของข้อมูลอย่างสำคัญ และครอบคลุมช่วงชีวิตหลักของลินคอล์นอย่างครบถ้วน แต่เขายกย่องแมคเฟียร์สันว่า "มีการใส่บริบทมากกว่า ... มีศิลปะในการหยิบยกคำคมที่สะท้อนถึงน้ำเสียงของลินคอล์น ... และ ... ความสามารถในการถ่ายทอดข้อความอันลึกซึ้งด้วยถ้อยคำเพียงไม่กี่คำ" ในทางกลับกัน เขาได้ยกตัวอย่างสำนวนของวิกิพีเดียซึ่งเขาพบว่า "ทั้งเยิ่นเย้อและน่าเบื่อ" โรเซนซไวก์วิจารณ์ต่อไป โดยเปรียบเทียบ "การตัดสินใจอย่างมีทักษะและความมั่นใจของนักประวัติศาสตร์ผู้ช่ำชอง" ซึ่งแสดงโดยแมคเฟียร์สันและคณะกับ "คำโบราณ" ของวิกิพีเดีย (ซึ่งเขาเปรียบเทียบประเด็นนี้กับนิตยสารอเมริกันเฮอริเทจ) และกล่าวว่าขณะที่วิกิพีเดียมักจะอ้างแหล่งอ้างอิงจำนวนมาก แต่แหล่งอ้างอิงเหล่านั้นก็ไม่ใช่ที่ดีที่สุด[78]
โรเซนซไวก์ยังได้วิจารณ์ "การเขียนคลุมเครือ ซึ่งได้รับการส่งเสริมจากนโยบาย NPOV [มุมมองที่เป็นกลาง] หมายความว่าเป็นการยากที่จะแยกแยะทัศนะการให้ความหมายโดยรวมในประวัติวิกิพีเดีย ยกตัวอย่างเช่น เขาอ้างบทสรุปของบทความวิกิพีเดียเกี่ยวกับวิลเลียม คลาร์ก ควินทริลล์ ซึ่งเนื้อหาของบทความโดยทั่วไปนั้นกล่าวยกย่องบุคคลผู้นี้ เขาได้ชี้ให้เห็นบทสรุปที่คลุมเครือ ที่ว่า "นักประวัติศาสตร์บางคน ... จดจำเขาในฐานะนักฉวยโอกาส คนนอกกฎหมายกระหายเลือด ขณะที่คนอื่นยังคงมองเขาว่าเป็นทหารผู้กล้าหาญและวีรบุรุษของคนท้องถิ่น"[78]
เสียงวิจารณ์อื่น ๆ ได้โจมตีประเด็นปัญหาที่คล้ายกันที่ว่า แม้บทความวิกิพีเดียจำนวนมากจะมีข้อเท็จจริงถูกต้องแม่นยำ แต่ก็มักเขียนในรูปแบบที่เลวจนเกือบอ่านไม่ได้ นักวิจารณ์วิกิพีเดียขาประจำ แอนดริว ออร์ลอว์สกี ให้ความเห็นว่า "ต่อให้บทความวิกิพีเดียจะมีข้อเท็จจริงถูกต้อง 100 เปอร์เซนต์ และข้อเท็จจริงเหล่านั้นถูกเลือกมาอย่างระมัดระวังแล้วก็ตาม แต่บ่อยครั้งที่อ่านแล้วราวกับว่าเนื้อหานั้นถูกแปลมาจากภาษาอื่นแล้วแปลต่อเป็นภาษาที่สาม โดยเปลี่ยนตัวผู้แปลที่ไม่รู้หนังสือในแต่ละขั้น"[79] การศึกษาบทความมะเร็งโดยยาคอฟ ลอว์เรนซ์ แห่งศูนย์มะเร็งคิมเมล มหาวิทยาลัยโทมัส เจฟเฟอร์สัน พบว่าเนื้อหานั้นส่วนใหญ่มีข้อเท็จจริงถูกต้อง แต่เนื้อหานั้นเขียนด้วยภาษาระดับมหาวิทยาลัย ขณะที่กระทู้ข้อมูลแพทย์ใช้ภาษาระดับมัธยมศึกษาปีที่ 3 เขากล่าวว่า "การที่วิกิพีเดียขาดความเรียบง่ายในการใช้ภาษานี้อาจสะท้อนถึงผู้เขียนที่หลากหลายและการแก้ไขส่งเดช"[80] ดิอีโคโนมิสต์ ตั้งข้อสังเกตว่า ผู้อ่านอาจสังเกตคุณภาพการเขียนบทความวิกิพีเดียเพื่อเป็นแนวทางได้ เพราะ "ภาษาเขียนที่ไม่ประณีตและตึงตังมักจะสะท้อนแนวคิดที่ยุ่งเหยิงและข้อมูลที่ไม่สมบูรณ์"[81] การศึกษาเมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2548 โดยวารสารเนเจอร์ ได้เปรียบเทียบเนื้อหาด้านวิทยาศาสตร์ของวิกิพีเดียกับเนื้อหาแบบเดียวกันของสารานุกรมบริตานิกา โดยสรุปว่า ความถูกต้องของข้อมูลในวิกิพีเดียนั้นใกล้เคียงกับของบริตานิกา แต่โครงสร้างบทความวิกิพีเดียนั้นมักจะไม่ดี[17]
ผลที่ตามมาจากโครงสร้างที่เปิดกว้างให้แก้ไขได้ของวิกิพีเดียนั้น ทำให้วิกิพีเดีย "ไม่มีการรับประกันถึงความถูกต้อง" ของเนื้อหา เพราะในท้ายที่สุดแล้วไม่มีผู้ใดรับผิดชอบต่อข้อความใด ๆ ที่ปรากฏอยู่บนเว็บ ได้มีความกังวลซึ่งมุ่งประเด็นไปยังการขาดความตรวจสอบได้อันเป็นผลมาจากการปิดบังชื่อของผู้ใช้[82] การสอดแทรกข้อมูลปลอม[83] การก่อกวน และปัญหาที่คล้ายกัน
วิกิพีเดียถูกกล่าวหาว่านำเสนอเนื้อหาที่ลำเอียงอย่างเป็นระบบและมีความไม่สอดคล้องกัน[13] นักวิจารณ์ให้เหตุผลว่า ธรรมชาติที่เปิดของวิกิพีเดียและการไม่มีแหล่งข้อมูลอ้างอิงอย่างเหมาะสมในเนื้อหาจำนวนมาก ทำให้มันไม่น่าเชื่อถือ[84] นักวิจารณ์อีกกลุ่มแนะว่า โดยปกติแล้ววิกิพีเดียนั้นเชื่อถือได้ แต่ก็ไม่แน่หากคิดเฉพาะความน่าเชื่อถือของบทความใดบทความหนึ่งเป็นการเฉพาะ[12] บรรณาธิการของงานอ้างอิงแบบเก่า อย่างเช่น สารานุกรมบริตานิกาได้ตั้งคำถามถึงประโยชน์ใช้สอยของโครงการและสถานะความเป็นสารานุกรม[85] อาจารย์มหาวิทยาลัยจำนวนมากไม่สนับสนุนให้นักเรียนอ้างอิงสารานุกรมใด ๆ ในงานวิชาการ และให้ใช้งานจากแหล่งปฐมภูมิมากกว่า[86] บางรายระบุเป็นการเฉพาะว่าห้ามอ้างอิงวิกิพีเดีย[87] ผู้ร่วมก่อตั้งวิกิพีเดีย จิมมี เวลส์ เน้นว่าสารานุกรมชนิดใด ๆ นั้นโดยปกติแล้วไม่เหมาะสำหรับใช้เป็นแหล่งข้อมูลปฐมภูมิ และไม่ควรวางใจว่าเป็นแหล่งที่เชื่อถือได้[88]
อย่างไรก็ตาม การสำรวจซึ่งรายงานในวารสารเนเจอร์ในปี พ.ศ. 2548 เสนอว่าบทความวิทยาศาสตร์วิกิพีเดียมีระดับความถูกต้องแม่นยำใกล้เคียงกับของสารานุกรมบริตานิกา และมีระดับ "ข้อผิดพลาดร้ายแรง" ที่ใกล้เคียงกัน[17] การอ้างดังกล่าวได้ถูกคัดค้านโดยสารานุกรมบริตานิกา[89][90]
นักเศรษฐศาสตร์ ไทเลอร์ โคเวน เขียนว่า "ถ้าผมต้องเดาว่าระหว่างวิกิพีเดียหรือบทความเศรษฐศาสตร์ระดับกลางในฐานข้อมูลระดับชาติว่าอย่างไหนมีความถูกต้องมากกว่ากัน ผมคิดไม่นานก็ตัดสินใจได้ว่าผมจะเลือกวิกิพีเดีย" เขาให้ความเห็นว่างานอ้างอิงแบบเก่าที่ไม่ใช่บันเทิงคดีนั้นประสบปัญหาลำเอียงอย่างเป็นระบบด้วยกันทั้งสิ้น ข้อมูลใหม่ ๆ มักจะได้รับรายงานมากเกินงามในบทความวารสาร และข้อมูลเกี่ยวข้องกันก็ได้เผยแพร่ในรายงานข่าว อย่างไรก็ตาม เขายังได้เตือนว่าข้อผิดพลาดนั้นมักพบได้บ่อยบนอินเทอร์เน็ต และว่านักวิชาการและผู้เชี่ยวชาญจะต้องตื่นตัวในการแก้ไขข้อผิดพลาดเหล่านี้[91]
ในเดือนกุมภาพันธ์ พ.ศ. 2550 บทความในหนังสือพิมพ์เดอะฮาร์วาร์ดคริมสัน รายงานว่าศาสตราจารย์บางคนที่มหาวิทยาลัยฮาร์วาร์ดใส่วิกิพีเดียเข้าไปในบทคัดย่อของตนด้วย แต่มีความไม่ลงรอยกันในความเข้าใจเกี่ยวกับการใช้วิกิพีเดีย[92] เมื่อเดือนมิถุนายน พ.ศ. 2550 อดีตประธานสมาคมหอสมุดอเมริกัน ไมเคิล กอร์แมน ประณามวิกิพีเดีย เช่นเดียวกับกูเกิล[93] โดยกล่าวว่า นักวิชาการผู้สนับสนุนการใช้วิกิพีเดียนั้น "มีสติปัญญาเท่ากับนักโภชนาการที่แนะนำให้คนกินบิ๊กแม็คกับอาหารทุกรายการอย่างต่อเนื่อง" เขากล่าวต่อว่า "รุ่นของคนมีปัญญาเฉื่อยชาผู้ไม่สามารถก้าวข้ามอินเทอร์เน็ตได้" กำลังถูกผลิตจากมหาวิทยาลัยหลายแห่ง เขายังตำหนิว่าแหล่งข้อมูลที่เป็นเว็บนั้นทำให้นักเรียนนักศึกษาไม่ขวนขวายที่จะเรียนรู้จากข้อมูลที่สืบค้นได้ยากกว่าซึ่งมักพบเฉพาะในเอกสารตีพิมพ์หรือเว็บไซต์ที่บอกรับเป็นสมาชิกเท่านั้น ในบทความเดียวกัน เจนนี ฟราย นักวิจัยแห่งสถาบันอินเทอร์เน็ตอ็อกซ์ฟอร์ด ให้ความเห็นเกี่ยวกับนักวิชาการซึ่งอ้างวิกิพีเดีย โดยกล่าวว่า
คุณไม่สามารถพูดได้ว่าเด็ก ๆ ที่ใช้อินเทอร์เน็ตนั้นเกียจคร้านในการใช้สมอง ในเมื่อนักวิชาการก็ใช้เสิร์ชเอนจินในงานวิจัยของตัวเหมือนกัน สิ่งที่แตกต่างก็คือพวกเขามีประสบการณ์มากกว่าในการวิเคราะห์ว่าข้อมูลที่ได้รับมาคืออะไรและข้อมูลนั้นเชื่อถือได้หรือไม่ เราต้องสอนเด็ก ๆ ให้ใช้อินเทอร์เน็ตให้เป็นและเหมาะสม[93]
วิกิพีเดียถูกวิพากษ์วิจารณ์จากการอนุญาตให้มีเนื้อหากราฟิกเกี่ยวกับเพศบนเว็บ อย่างเช่น ภาพและวิดีโอการสำเร็จความใคร่ด้วยตนเองและการหลั่งน้ำอสุจิ เช่นเดียวกับภาพถ่ายจากภาพยนตร์ลามกฮาร์ดคอร์ที่พบในบทความ นักรณรงค์คุ้มครองเด็กกล่าวว่าเนื้อหากราฟิกเกี่ยวกับเพศนั้นปรากฏอยู่ในหลายหน้าของวิกิพีเดีย และแสดงโดยไม่มีการเตือนใด ๆ หรือการพิสูจน์อายุ[94]
บทความวิกิพีเดีย เวอร์จินคิลเลอร์ อัลบั้มเพลงเมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2519 จากวงดนตรีเฮฟวีเมทัลสัญชาติเยอรมัน สกอร์เปียนส์ ซึ่งแสดงภาพของปกอัลบั้มดั้งเดิม ที่เป็นรูปเด็กก่อนวัยเจริญพันธุ์เปลือย ปกที่ออกมาเดิมนั้นทำให้เกิดการโต้เถียงกันและทำให้ปกอัลบั้มถูกเปลี่ยนในหลายประเทศ เมื่อเดือนธันวาคม พ.ศ. 2551 การเข้าถึงบทความดังกล่าวในวิกิพีเดียถูกบล็อกเป็นเวลาสี่วันโดยผู้ให้บริการอินเทอร์เน็ตส่วนใหญ่ในสหราชอาณาจักร หลังได้รับรายงานจากสาธารณชนว่าเป็นภาพลามกเด็ก[95] มูลนิธิเฝ้าระวังอินเทอร์เน็ต ซึ่งเป็นองค์การไม่แสวงหาผลกำไรและไม่อิงการเมือง วิจารณ์การแทรกรูปในเว็บว่า "น่ารังเกียจ"[96]
เมื่อเดือนเมษายน พ.ศ. 2553 แลร์รี แซงเจอร์ เขียนจดหมายถึงสำนักงานสืบสวนกลางแห่งสหรัฐอเมริกา โดยสรุปความกังวลของเขาว่าหมวดหมู่ภาพสองหมวดในวิกิมีเดียคอมมอนส์มีภาพลามกเด็ก และขัดต่อกฎหมายความลามกกลางสหรัฐ[97] ภายหลังแซงเจอร์ได้อธิบายเพิ่มเติมว่าภาพ ซึ่งเกี่ยวข้องกับโรคใคร่เด็กและมีรูปหนึ่งเกี่ยวกับโลลิคอน ไม่ใช่เด็กจริง แต่ก็กล่าวว่ารูปเหล่านี้เป็น "การแสดงความลามกของการข่มเหงทางเพศของเด็ก" ภายใต้รัฐบัญญัติคุ้มครอง (PROTECT Act) พ.ศ. 2546[98] กฎหมายดังกล่าวห้ามภาพลามกเด็กและภาพการ์ตูนและภาพวาดของเด็กที่จัดว่าลามกอนาจารภายใต้กฎหมายสหรัฐ[98] แซงเจอร์ยังได้แสดงความกังวลเกี่ยวกับการเข้าถึงภาพเหล่านี้ในวิกิพีเดียจากโรงเรียน[99] วิกิพีเดียปฏิเสธคำกล่าวหาของแซงเจอร์อย่างแข็งขัน[100] โฆษกมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดีย เจย์ วัลสช์ กล่าวว่า วิกิพีเดียไม่มี "สื่อที่เราเห็นว่าผิดกฎหมาย หากเราพบ เราจะนำมันออก"[100] หลังจากการร้องเรียนของแซงเจอร์ เวลส์ได้ลบภาพเกี่ยวกับเพศโดยไม่ได้ปรึกษากับชุมชนวิกิพีเดียก่อน หลังจากผู้ร่วมแก้ไขบางคนอาสาที่จะดูแลเว็บแย้งว่าการตัดสินใจดังกล่าวกระทำอย่างเร่งรีบเกินไป เวลส์จึงสละอำนาจบางส่วนที่มีจนถึงขณะนั้นเนื่องจากสถานะผู้ร่วมก่อตั้งของเขา เขาเขียนข้อความถึงบัญชีจ่าหน้ามูลนิธิวิกิมีเดียว่า การกระทำดังกล่าว "เป็นประโยชน์ที่จะกระตุ้นการอภิปรายนี้ให้เกี่ยวกับประเด็นเนื้อหา/ปรัชญาอย่างแท้จริง มากกว่าเกี่ยวกับผมและว่าผมตอบโต้เร็วเพียงใด"[101]
ความกังวลหนึ่งในกรณีของวิกิพีเดียนี้คือสิทธิของปัจเจกชนที่จะยังคงความเป็นส่วนตัว มากกว่าที่จะเป็น "บุคคลสาธารณะ" ในมุมมองของกฎหมาย[102] ซึ่งกรณีนี้ก็คล้ายกับการต่อสู้ระหว่างสิทธิที่จะไม่เปิดเผยตัวตนในไซเบอร์สเปซกับสิทธิที่จะไม่เปิดเผยตัวตนในชีวิตจริง วิกิพีเดียว็อตช์โต้แย้งว่า "วิกิพีเดียอาจเป็นภัยคุกคามต่อทุกคนที่ให้ความสำคัญแก่ความเป็นส่วนตัว" และ "ระดับภาวะรับผิดชอบที่เพิ่มมากขึ้นในโครงสร้างวิกิพีเดีย" จะเป็น "ขั้นแรกสู่การแก้ไขปัญหาความเป็นส่วนตัว"[103]
ในปี พ.ศ. 2548 อะแจ็งเซอ ฟร็องเซ-แพร็ส ยกคำกล่าวของเดเนียล บรานต์ เจ้าของวิกิพีเดียว็อตช์ ซึ่งกล่าวว่า "ปัญหาพื้นฐานคือไม่มีผู้ใด ไม่ว่าจะเป็นถึงผู้บริหารของมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดียก็ตาม และอาสาสมัครผู้เชื่อมโยงกับวิกิพีเดีย ถือว่าตนเองรับผิดชอบต่อเนื้อหา"[104]
เมื่อเดือนมกราคม พ.ศ. 2549 ศาลเยอรมนีมีคำสั่งให้ปิดวิกิพีเดียภาษาเยอรมันในเยอรมนีเนื่องจากเว็บได้กล่าวถึงชื่อเต็มของบอริส ฟลอริซิก หรือ "ทรอน" แฮ็กเกอร์ที่เสียชีวิตแล้ว ซึ่งอดีตเคยเข้ากับคาออสคอมพิวเตอร์คลับ ยิ่งไปกว่านั้น ศาลยังสั่งให้ยูอาร์แอลภายใต้โดเมน .de ของเยอรมนี (http://www.wikipedia.de/) ต้องไม่รีไดเร็กไปยังเซิร์ฟเวอร์ของสารานุกรมในรัฐฟลอริดาที่ http://de.wikipedia.org แม้ว่าผู้อ่านในเยอรมนีจะยังสามารถใช้ยูอาร์แอลที่ตั้งอยู่ในสหรัฐอเมริกาได้โดยตรงเช่นเดิม และไม่ได้ปิดกั้นผู้อ่านเหล่านั้นในการเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดียแต่อย่างใด คำสั่งศาลออกมาหลังจากคดีความซึ่งผู้ปกครองของทรอนฟ้องร้องโดยขอให้ศาลนำนามสกุลของบุตรชายออกจากวิกิพีเดีย วันที่ 9 กุมภาพันธ์ พ.ศ. 2549 ได้มีการพิพากษาแก้ต่อวิกิมีเดียดอยทช์ลันด์ โดยศาลปฏิเสธสิทธิการคงความเป็นส่วนตัวของทรอนหรือการละเมิดสิทธิผู้ปกครองของเขา[105] โจทก์ได้อุทธรณ์ต่อศาลรัฐเบอร์ลิน แต่ศาลปฏิเสธไม่รับฟ้องเมื่อเดือนพฤษภาคม พ.ศ. 2549
ประชาคมวิกิพีเดียถูกอธิบายว่า "เหมือนกับลัทธิ"[106] ถึงแม้ว่าคำดังกล่าวจะไม่ได้มีความหมายโดยนัยในทางลบเพียงอย่างเดียวก็ตาม[107] และถูกวิพากษ์วิจารณ์ว่าล้มเหลวในการอำนวยความสะดวกแก่ผู้ใช้ไม่มีประสบการณ์ เพราะถึงแม้ว่าผู้ใช้เหล่านี้จะได้รับการต้อนรับจากสมาชิก[108] แต่ผู้ใช้มือใหม่นั้นมักถูกบอกให้อ่านนโยบายด้วยตนเองเพื่อเรียนรู้แนวทางวิกิพีเดีย[42]
ประชาคมวิกิพีเดียได้ทำให้เกิด "ระบอบสถาบันเชิงพฤตินัย" ขึ้น ซึ่งรวมไปถึง "โครงสร้างอำนาจอันเด่นชัดที่ทำให้ผู้ดูแลระบบอาสาสมัครมีอำนาจควบคุมการแก้ไขเนื้อหา"[109][110][111] ผู้ใช้ที่มีชื่อเสียงดีในประชาคมสามารถเสนอชื่อเพื่อดำรงตำแหน่งในหน้าที่บริการหลายระดับ ซึ่งเริ่มตั้งแต่ "ผู้ดูแลระบบ"[112] กลุ่มผู้ใช้ที่มีเอกสิทธิ์จากความสามารถในการลบหน้า ล็อกบทความจากการแก้ไขในกรณีการก่อกวนหรือมีข้อพิพาทในการเพิ่มเนื้อหา และบล็อกผู้ใช้จากการแก้ไข ถึงแม้จะได้ชื่อว่าผู้ดูแลระบบแต่พวกเขาไม่มีสิทธิพิเศษใด ๆ ในการตัดสินใจ โดยส่วนใหญ่แล้วมักมีบทบาทจำกัดเพียงการแก้ไขซึ่งส่งผลกระทบวงกว้างต่อทั้งโครงการ ซึ่งผู้ใช้ธรรมดาจะไม่ได้รับอนุญาตให้แก้ไขในสิ่งเหล่านี้ รวมไปถึงการบล็อกผู้ใช้ที่ก่อปัญหา (อย่างเช่นการก่อกวน)
วิกิพีเดียไม่มีข้อกำหนดให้ผู้ใช้ต้องแสดงตัว[113] อย่างไรก็ตาม ขณะที่วิกิพีเดียเติบโตขึ้นเรื่อย ๆ ด้วยรูปแบบการสร้างสารานุกรมแบบใหม่ คำถามที่ว่า "ใครเขียนวิกิพีเดีย" จึงกลายมาเป็นหนึ่งในคำถามเกี่ยวกับโครงการที่ถูกถามบ่อย ๆ และถูกเปรียบเทียบกับโครงการเว็บ 2.0 อื่น อย่างเช่น ดิกก์[114] จิมมี เวลส์ ตอบคำถามนี้เพียงว่า "ประชาคมแห่งหนึ่ง ... กลุ่มอาสาสมัครผู้อุทิศตัวไม่กี่ร้อยคน" เป็นผู้ร่วมพัฒนาวิกิพีเดียส่วนใหญ่ ด้วยเหตุนี้ วิกิพีเดียจึง "ไม่ต่างอะไรกับองค์กรแบบเก่าทั่วไป" เวลส์ได้ศึกษาและพบว่ากว่า 50% ของการแก้ไขทั้งหมดเกิดขึ้นจากผู้ใช้เพียง 0.7 % (เวลานั้นมีอยู่ 524 คน) ต่อมาอารอน สวาร์ตซ์ได้โต้แย้งวิธีการประเมินการร่วมพัฒนาดังกล่าวโดยชี้ให้เห็นว่าหลายบทความที่เขาสุ่มตัวอย่างขึ้นมานั้นมีเนื้อหาส่วนใหญ่ (คิดตามจำนวนตัวอักษร) เขียนขึ้นโดยผู้ใช้ที่มีจำนวนการแก้ไขรวมน้อย[115] การศึกษาเมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2550 โดยนักวิจัยจากวิทยาลัยดาร์ตมัธ ค้นพบว่า "ผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดียนิรนามและขาจร ... เป็นแหล่งความรู้ที่น่าเชื่อถือพอ ๆ กับผู้ร่วมแก้ไขซึ่งลงทะเบียนกับเว็บ"[116] แม้ว่าผู้ใช้บางคนจะเป็นผู้รอบรู้ในศาสตร์ที่ตนเขียนก็ตาม แต่วิกิพีเดียมีข้อกำหนดให้พวกเขาต้องมีแหล่งข้อมูลตีพิมพ์และสามารถใช้ยืนยันได้ประกอบการแก้ไขด้วย หากใช้มติเอกฉันท์เหนือแหล่งอ้างอิงจะถูกเรียกว่าเป็น "การต่อต้านอภิชนนิยม" (anti-elitism) [11]
ปี พ.ศ. 2546 นักศึกษาปริญญาเอกสาขาเศรษฐศาสตร์ แอนเดรีย ซิฟโฟลิลลิ ทำการศึกษาวิกิพีเดียในฐานะชุมชนและให้เหตุผลว่า การมีต้นทุนในการเข้าร่วมกับซอฟต์แวร์วิกิที่ต่ำนั้นเป็นตัวเร่งให้เกิดการพัฒนาแบบร่วมมือกัน และแนวทาง "การสรรสร้างอย่างสร้างสรรค์" นี้เองที่กระตุ้นให้เกิดการร่วมมือ[117] ในหนังสือ อนาคตของอินเทอร์เน็ตและจะหยุดมันได้อย่างไร (The Future of the Internet and How to Stop It) เมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2551 โจนาธาน ซิตเทรน แห่งสถาบันอินเทอร์เน็ตอ็อกซ์ฟอร์ดและศูนย์เพื่ออินเทอร์เน็ตและสังคมเบิร์กแมนของวิทยาลัยกฎหมายฮาร์วาร์ด ได้ยกความสำเร็จของวิกิพีเดียเป็นกรณีศึกษาว่าการร่วมแก้ไขอย่างเปิดเผยนั้นส่งผลให้เกิดนวัตกรรมบนเว็บได้อย่างไร[118] การศึกษาในปีเดียวกันยังพบว่าผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดียมีความเปิดเผยและเป็นมิตรน้อยกว่า แม้จะมีความรอบคอบมากกว่าผู้ที่ไม่ใช่ผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดีย[119][120] การศึกษาในปี พ.ศ. 2552 ยังแนะว่ามี "หลักฐานว่าชุมชนวิกิพีเดียต่อต้านเนื้อหาใหม่ ๆ เพิ่มขึ้น"[121]
ในวาระที่วิกิพีเดียเฉลิมฉลองครบรอบ 10 ปีการก่อตั้ง เดอะนิวยอร์กไทมส์ได้ตีพิมพ์คอลัมน์เกี่ยวกับการสำรวจวิกิพีเดียในเวลานั้น โดยรายงานว่า การศึกษาร่วมกันระหว่างมหาวิทยาลัยสหประชาชาติและมหาวิทยาลัยมาสตริกช์ พบว่าผู้ร่วมแก้ไขวิกิพีเดียเพียง 13% เท่านั้นที่เป็นหญิง อายุเฉลี่ยของผู้ร่วมแก้ไขอยู่ในช่วงกลาง 20-30 ปี และยังได้หมายเหตุด้วยว่า การสำรวจแสดงให้เห็นว่าผู้ร่วมแก้ไขน้อยกว่า 15% จากทั้งหมดหลายแสนคนนั้นเป็นหญิง ซู การ์ดเนอร์ ผู้อำนวยการบริหารมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดีย ตั้งเป้าหมายไว้ว่าจะเห็นสัดส่วนผู้หญิงที่ร่วมแก้ไขเพิ่มขึ้นเป็น 25% ภายในปี พ.ศ. 2558[122]
ผู้ใช้วิกิพีเดียมักมีปฏิสัมพันธ์กับผู้ใช้คนอื่นผ่านทางหน้า 'อภิปราย' ซึ่งเป็นหน้าแบบวิกิที่เชื่อมโยงกับบทความ เช่นเดียวกับหน้าพูดคุยของผู้ใช้แต่ละคนและหน้าพูดคุยอื่น ๆ ที่ช่วยในการจัดการเว็บ ผู้ใช้อาศัยหน้าเหล่านี้เพื่อแสวงหาข้อยุติเกี่ยวกับเนื้อหาที่ควรมีของบทความ การเปลี่ยนแปลงกฎระเบียบของเว็บ และดำเนินการต่าง ๆ เพื่อแก้ไขปัญหาภายในประชาคม
บางครั้งชาววิกิพีเดียให้รางวัลชาววิกิพีเดียคนอื่นด้วยการมอบ "บาร์นสตาร์" (barnstar) สำหรับผลงานที่ดี สัญลักษณ์แสดงความชื่นชมเป็นการส่วนตัวเหล่านี้มอบแก่งานทรงคุณค่าจำนวนมากมายนอกเหนือไปจากเพียงการแก้ไขอย่างง่าย ๆ แต่รวมถึงการให้สนับสนุนแก่ชุมชน การทำหน้าที่ดูแลระบบ และการร่วมอภิปรายและออกเสียง นักวิจัยได้วิเคราะห์ปรากฏการณ์บาร์นสตาร์นี้เพื่อค้นหาว่ามันจะมีความหมายอย่างไรในการทำให้ประชาคมอื่น ๆ เข้ามามีส่วนในความร่วมมืออย่างกว้างขวาง[123]
60% ของผู้ใช้ลงทะเบียนทำการแก้ไขเพียงครั้งเดียวในรอบ 24 ชั่วโมงนับตั้งแต่การแก้ไขครั้งแรก คำอธิบายที่เป็นไปได้คือ ผู้ใช้เหล่านี้ลงทะเบียนด้วยจุดประสงค์เดียว หรือรู้สึกกลัวจากประสบการณ์ที่ได้รับ[124] โกลด์แมน เขียนไว้ว่า การที่ผู้ใช้ไม่สามารถปฏิบัติตามวัฒนธรรมบางอย่างของวิกิพีเดีย เช่น ลงชื่อในหน้าอภิปราย เป็นสัญญาณที่ชัดเจนว่าพวกเขาเป็นคนนอกวิกิพีเดีย ซึ่งทำให้คนในวิกิพีเดียเพ่งเล็งว่าการแก้ไขของผู้ใช้เหล่านี้เป็นภัยคุกคาม การเข้ามาเป็นคนในของวิกิพีเดียนั้นต้องเสียต้นทุนไม่น้อย ผู้ใช้จะถูกคาดหวังให้สร้างหน้าผู้ใช้ เรียนรู้โค้ดเทคโนโลยีเฉพาะของวิกิพีเดีย เสนอกระบวนการแก้ไขข้อพิพาท และเรียนรู้ "วัฒนธรรมที่อยู่ระหว่างเรื่องขำขันวงในและการอ้างอิงภายใน" จนผู้ใช้ไม่ล็อกอินอาจรู้สึกว่าตนเป็นพลเมืองชั้นสองในวิกิพีเดีย[125] เนื่องจาก "ผู้ร่วมแก้ไขได้รับความยอมรับนับถือจากสมาชิกชุมชนวิกิ ผู้สนใจต่อการรักษาคุณภาพของการสร้างผลงานโดยไม่เปลี่ยนแปลง บนพื้นฐานของการมีส่วนร่วมอย่างต่อเนื่องของพวกเขา"[126] แต่จากประวัติการแก้ไขของหมายเลขไอพีทำให้ไม่มีความจำเป็นว่าจะต้องยกเครดิตให้ หรือประณามกล่าวโทษผู้ใช้คนใดคนหนึ่งเป็นพิเศษ
ปัจจุบันวิกิพีเดียมีทั้งหมด 285 ภาษา โดยในจำนวนนี้มีสี่ภาษาที่มีบทความมากกว่า 1 ล้านเรื่อง ได้แก่ วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษ ภาษาเยอรมัน ภาษาฝรั่งเศส และภาษาดัตช์, 6 ภาษามีบทความมากกว่า 700,000 เรื่อง, 40 ภาษามีบทความมากกว่า 100,000 เรื่อง และ 109 ภาษา มีบทความมากกว่า 10,000 เรื่อง วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษเป็นวิกิพีเดียภาษาที่มีบทความมากที่สุด กว่า 4 ล้านบทความ ตามข้อมูลของอเล็กซา ซับโดเมนรุ่นภาษาอังกฤษนั้นมีสัดส่วนการเข้าชมคิดเป็นอย่างน้อย 54% ของวิกิพีเดียทุกภาษา โดยที่เหลือนั้นแบ่งเป็นวิกิพีเดียภาษาอื่น ๆ (ภาษาญี่ปุ่น 10%, ภาษาเยอรมัน 8%, ภาษาสเปน 5%, ฯลฯ) [2]
เนื่องจากผู้ใช้ทั่วโลกร่วมกันสร้างวิกิพีเดียผ่านทางเว็บไซต์ ดังนั้น แม้แต่ในวิกิพีเดียภาษาเดียวกันจึงอาจเกิดปัญหาการใช้ภาษาถิ่นที่แตกต่างกัน โดยปัญหาที่เกิดขึ้นบ่อยปรากฏในวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษ ตัวอย่างเช่น ความแตกต่างด้านตัวสะกดในภาษาถิ่นสำเนียงอังกฤษบริติชและอังกฤษอเมริกัน (ตัวอย่างเช่น colour และ color) รวมไปถึงเนื้อหาที่ถูกสร้างขึ้นจากมุมมองที่ต่างกัน และถึงแม้ว่าวิกิพีเดียหลายภาษาจะยึดตามหลักนโยบายสากล อย่างเช่น "มุมมองเป็นกลาง" แต่ก็อาจยึดหลักแตกต่างกันในนโยบายและการปฏิบัติในบางข้อ ที่สำคัญคือ ภาพที่ไม่ได้อยู่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตเสรีจะถูกใช้โดยอ้างว่าเป็นการใช้โดยชอบธรรมได้หรือไม่[127]
อย่างไรก็ตามแม้ว่าวิกิพีเดียในแต่ละภาษามีการบริหารไม่ขึ้นต่อกัน ทางมูลนิธิได้มีการตั้งเว็บไซต์เมต้าวิกิใช้เป็นศูนย์กลางการประสานงานของวิกิพีเดียแต่ละภาษา เช่นการให้บริการข้อมูลด้านสถิติ แสดงรายชื่อบทความพื้นฐานที่วิกิพีเดียแต่ละรุ่นภาษาควรมี ซึ่งรายการดังกล่าวครอบคลุมเนื้อหาพื้นฐานแบ่งตามหัวเรื่อง อันประกอบด้วย ชีวประวัติ ประวัติศาสตร์ ภูมิศาสตร์ สังคม วัฒนธรรม วิทยาศาสตร์ เทคโนโลยี อาหารและเครื่องดื่ม และคณิตศาสตร์ ส่วนที่เหลือนั้น มักปรากฏบ่อยครั้งว่าบทความที่เกี่ยวข้องกับรุ่นภาษาใดภาษาหนึ่งโดยเฉพาะจะไม่ปรากฏในวิกิพีเดียภาษาอื่น อาทิ บทความเกี่ยวกับเมืองเล็ก ๆ ในสหรัฐอเมริกาจะพบได้เฉพาะในวิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษเท่านั้น เช่นเดียวกับองค์การบริหารส่วนตำบลในประเทศไทยที่จะพบในวิกิพีเดียภาษาไทยเท่านั้น
บทความแปลยังคิดเป็นสัดส่วนน้อยในวิกิพีเดียหลายรุ่นภาษา เนื่องจากไม่อนุญาตให้แปลบทความอัตโนมัติทั้งหมด ส่วนการเชื่อมโยงบทความในแต่ละภาษาเข้าด้วยกันผ่านทางลิงก์ที่เรียกว่า "อินเตอร์วิกิ" ซึ่งเป็นบทความที่มีในวิกิพีเดียมากกว่าหนึ่งรุ่นภาษาขึ้นไป
วิกิพีเดียดำเนินการและได้รับสนับสนุนเงินทุนโดยมูลนิธิวิกิมีเดีย องค์กรไม่แสวงหาผลกำไรซึ่งยังได้ดำเนินการโครงการที่เกี่ยวข้องกับวิกิพีเดียอีกจำนวนหนึ่ง อาทิ วิกิพจนานุกรมและวิกิตำรา สาขาวิกิมีเดีย สมาคมผู้ใช้และผู้สนับสนุนโครงการวิกิมีเดียท้องถิ่น ยังได้มีส่วนร่วมในการส่งเสริม พัฒนา และสนับสนุนเงินทุนแก่โครงการอีกด้วย
วิกิพีเดียทำงานด้วยแพลตฟอร์มซอฟต์แวร์พิเศษที่มีชื่อว่า มีเดียวิกิ ที่เป็นลักษณะโอเพนซอร์ซและซอฟต์แวร์เสรีแบบพิเศษ ทำงานผ่านการบริหารเว็บไซต์ที่เรียกว่าวิกิ ตัวซอฟต์แวร์เขียนขึ้นด้วยภาษาพีเอชพีที่ทำงานร่วมกับฐานข้อมูลมายเอสคิวแอล[128] ตัวซอฟต์แวร์รวมคุณลักษณะด้านการเขียนโปรแกรมหลายอย่างเข้าไว้ด้วยกัน อย่างเช่น ภาษาแมโคร ตัวแปร และการรีไดเร็กยูอาร์แอล มีเดียวิกิอยู่ภายใต้สัญญาอนุญาตสาธารณะทั่วไปของกนูและใช้ในโครงการวิกิมีเดียทั้งหมด เช่นเดียวกับโครงการวิกิอื่น ๆ อีกเป็นจำนวนมาก ในช่วงแรก วิกิพีเดียทำงานด้วยซอฟต์แวร์ชื่อยูสม็อดวิกิที่เขียนขึ้นในภาษาเพิร์ล โดยคลิฟฟอร์ด อดัมส์ (ระยะที่ 1) ซึ่งเดิมต้องใช้คาเมลเคสในการสร้างไฮเปอร์ลิงก์บทความ ส่วนลิงก์บทความที่เป็นวงเล็บคู่เข้ามาในภายหลัง จนกระทั่งเดือนมกราคม 2545 (ระยะที่ 2) วิกิพีเดียเปลี่ยนมาใช้เอนจินพีเอชพีวิกิร่วมกับฐานข้อมูลมายเอสคิวแอล ซึ่งซอฟต์แวร์นี้สร้างขึ้นเฉพาะสำหรับวิกิพีเดียโดยแมกนัส มันสเก ซอฟต์แวร์ระยะที่ 2 นี้ถูกดัดแปรบ่อยครั้งเพื่ออำนวยความสะดวกแก่ความต้องการที่เพิ่มมากขึ้น ต่อมาในเดือนกรกฎาคมปีเดียวกัน (ระยะที่ 3) วิกิพีเดียได้เปลี่ยนไปใช้ซอฟต์แวร์มีเดียวิกิ ซึ่งเดิมเขียนขึ้นโดยลี แดเนียล คร็อกเกอร์ ส่วนขยายวิกิจำนวนมากถูกติดตั้ง[129] เพื่อเพิ่มระดับขีดความสามารถของซอฟต์แวร์มีเดียวิกิ เมื่อเดือนเมษายน พ.ศ. 2548 ส่วนขยายลูซีนถูกเพิ่มเข้าไปในการค้นหาเดิมของมีเดียวิกิ[130][131] และวิกิพีเดียเปลี่ยนจากมายเอสคิวแอลเป็นลูซีนสำหรับการค้นหา ปัจจุบันวิกิพีเดียใช้ลูซีนเสิร์ช 2.1[132] ซึ่งเขียนขึ้นด้วยภาษาจาวา และดำเนินการบนลูซีนไลบรารี 2.3[133]
วิกิพีเดียทำงานบนคลัสเตอร์เซิร์ฟเวอร์ที่ใช้ระบบปฏิบัติการลินุกซ์ (ซึ่งส่วนใหญ่เป็นอูบุนตู) [134][135] และเครื่องโอเพนโซลาริสจำนวนหนึ่งสำหรับระบบแฟ้มเซตตะไบต์ ในช่วงระยะแรกวิกิพีเดียเก็บข้อมูลในเซิร์ฟเวอร์เดี่ยวจนกระทั่งได้มีการขยายตัวเพิ่มมากขึ้นเป็นสถาปัตยกรรมมัลติไทเออร์ และจนถึงเดือนธันวาคม พ.ศ. 2552 มีเครื่องเซิร์ฟเวอร์ 300 แห่งในฟลอริดา และ 44 แห่งในอัมสเตอร์ดัม[136] โครงแบบนี้รวมไปถึงเซิร์ฟเวอร์ฐานข้อมูลหลักหนึ่งเครื่องที่ทำงานโดยใช้มายเอสคิวแอล เซิร์ฟเวอร์ฐานข้อมูลรองอีกหลายเครื่อง เว็บเซิร์ฟเวอร์ 21 เครื่องซึ่งทำงานบนอะแพชี เว็บเซิร์ฟเวอร์ และเซิร์ฟเวอร์สควิดแคชอีก 7 เครื่อง
วิกิพีเดียมีการเรียกใช้งานประมาณ 25,000 ถึง 60,000 หน้าต่อวินาที ขึ้นอยู่กับช่วงเวลาของแต่ละวัน[137] การเรียกใช้หน้านั้นจะถูกส่งไปยังชั้นฟรอนต์เอนด์ของเซิร์ฟเวอร์สควิดแคช[138] สถิติเพิ่มเติมนั้นจะสามารถเข้าถึงได้โดยขึ้นอยู่กับการติดตามเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดีย 3 เดือนที่เปิดเผยต่อสาธารณะ[139] การเรียกใช้งานที่ไม่สามารถดึงข้อมูลมาจากสควิดแคชได้ จะถูกส่งไปยังเซิร์ฟเวอร์โหลดสมดุลซึ่งทำงานบนซอฟต์แวร์ลีนุกซ์เวอชวลเซิร์ฟเวอร์ ซึ่งจะส่งการเรียกใช้ต่อไปยังหนึ่งในเว็บเซิร์ฟเวอร์อะแพชีสำหรับหน้าที่ถูกแสดงจากฐานข้อมูล เว็บเซิร์ฟเวอร์จะส่งหน้าตามที่ถูกเรียกใช้นั้น แสดงหน้าสำหรับทุกรุ่นภาษาของวิกิพีเดีย และเพื่อเพิ่มความเร็วให้สูงขึ้น หน้าต่าง ๆ จะถูกบันทึกไว้ในหน่วยความจำแคชแบบกระจายจนกว่าจะใช้งานไม่ได้ ซึ่งทำให้หน้าที่กำลังแสดงนั้นถูกข้ามไปทั้งหมด เป็นการเข้าถึงหน้าที่สามารถเข้าถึงได้มากที่สุด คลัสเตอร์ขนาดใหญ่กว่าสองแห่งในเนเธอร์แลนด์และเกาหลี จัดการกับการเข้าชมวิกิพีเดียส่วนใหญ่ในปัจจุบัน
เดิมสื่อกลางของวิกิพีเดียที่จะให้ผู้ใช้อ่านและแก้ไขเนื้อหานั้นจะต้องใช้เว็บเบราว์เซอร์มาตรฐานใด ๆ ผ่านการติดต่ออินเทอร์เน็ตตายตัว อย่างไรก็ตาม ปัจจุบันวิกิพีเดียสามารถเข้าถึงได้จากโมบายล์เว็บแล้ว
การเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดียจากมือถือสามารถกระทำได้นับตั้งแต่ต้นปี พ.ศ. 2547 ผ่านไวร์เลสแอปพลิเคชันโพรโทคอล (WAP) ผ่านบริการวาพีเดีย เมื่อเดือนมิถุนายน พ.ศ. 2550 วิกิพีเดียภาษาอังกฤษได้เปิดตัว en.mobile.wikipedia.org เว็บไซต์อย่างเป็นทางการสำหรับอุปกรณ์ไร้สาย เมื่อปี พ.ศ. 2552 บริการโทรศัพท์เคลื่อนที่ใหม่ได้รับการเปิดตัวอย่างเป็นทางการ[140] ที่ยูอาร์แอล en.m.wikipedia.org ซึ่งอำนวยความสะดวกแก่อุปกรณ์โทรศัพท์เคลื่อนที่ที่ทันสมัยขึ้น อย่างเช่น ไอโฟน อุปกรณ์แอนดรอยด์ หรือปาล์มพรี นอกจากนี้ยังมีวิธีการอื่นอีกมากที่จะเข้าถึงวิกิพีเดียได้โดยโทรศัพท์เคลื่อนที่ อุปกรณ์และแอปพลิเคชันหลายอย่างได้ปรับปรุงการแสดงผลเนื้อหาวิกิพีเดียสำหรับอุปกรณ์เคลื่อนที่ ขณะที่บางอย่างยังได้เพิ่มคุณลักษณะอื่นเข้าไปด้วย อย่างเช่น การใช้เมทาเดตาวิกิพีเดีย อย่างเช่น ภูมิสารสนเทศ[141][142]
นอกจากวิกิพีเดียจะมีจำนวนบทความเพิ่มขึ้นอย่างรวดเร็วแล้ว วิกิพีเดียยังได้รับสถานะเป็นเว็บไซต์อ้างอิงทั่วไปอย่างต่อเนื่องนับตั้งแต่ก่อตั้งในปี พ.ศ. 2544[143] ตามข้อมูลของอเล็กซาและคอมสกอร์ วิกิพีเดียเป็นหนึ่งในสิบเว็บไซต์ที่มีการเข้าชมมากที่สุดทั่วโลก[3][144] การเติบโตของวิกิพีเดียนั้นเป็นผลมาจากการปรากฏเป็นผลการค้นหาลำดับแรกในกูเกิล[145] ราว 50% ของการเยี่ยมชมวิกิพีเดียจากเสิร์ชเอนจินมาจากกูเกิล[146] และมีสัดส่วนค่อนข้างมากที่เกี่ยวข้องกับการวิจัยทางวิชาการ[147] จำนวนผู้อ่านวิกิพีเดียทั่วโลกแตะระดับ 365 ล้านคนเมื่อปลายปี พ.ศ. 2552[4] โครงการอินเทอร์เน็ตพิวและอเมริกันไลฟ์พบว่าราวหนึ่งในสามของผู้ใช้อินเทอร์เน็ตในสหรัฐอเมริกาปรึกษาวิกิพีเดีย[148] เมื่อเดือนตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2549 ประมาณการว่าวิกิพีเดียมีมูลค่าการตลาด 580 ล้านดอลล่าร์สหรัฐ หากปล่อยให้มีการโฆษณาบนเว็บ[149]
เนื้อหาวิกิพีเดียยังได้ถูกใช้ในการศึกษาวิชาการ หนังสือ การประชุมและคดีความในศาล[150][151] เว็บไซต์ของรัฐสภาแคนาดาอ้างถึงบทความวิกิพีเดียเกี่ยวกับการแต่งงานของคู่สมรสเพศเดียวกันในส่วน "ลิงก์ที่เกี่ยวข้อง" ของรายการ "อ่านเพิ่มเติม" ในพระราชบัญญัติการสมรส[152] วิกิพีเดียถูกนำไปใช้เป็นแหล่งข้อมูลมากขึ้นโดยองค์กร อย่างเช่น ศาลกลางสหรัฐและองค์การทรัพย์สินทางปัญญาแห่งโลก[153] ถึงแม้ว่ามักจะใช้กับข้อมูลสนับสนุนมากกว่าข้อมูลในส่วนสำคัญก็ตาม[154] เนื้อหาที่ปรากฏในวิกิพีเดียยังถูกใช้เป็นแหล่งข้อมูลและมีการอ้างอิงในรายงานของหน่วยงานข่าวกรองสหรัฐบางฉบับอีกด้วย[155] เมื่อเดือนธันวาคม พ.ศ. 2551 วารสารทางวิทยาศาสตร์ อาร์เอ็นเอไบโอโลจี ได้เริ่มส่วนใหม่เพื่ออธิบายรายละเอียดของครอบครัวโมเลกุลอาร์เอ็นเอ และกำหนดให้ผู้เขียนในส่วนนี้ส่งบทความฉบับร่างก่อนจะตีพิมพ์บนวิกิพีเดีย[156]
วิกิพีเดียยังได้ถูกใช้เป็นแหล่งข้อมูลในแวดวงวารสารศาสตร์ด้วย[157] โดยไม่ได้แสดงแหล่งที่มาบ่อยครั้ง และมีผู้สื่อข่าวหลายคนถูกปลดออกจากงานเนื่องจากโจรกรรมผลงานจากวิกิพีเดีย[158][159][160]
เมื่อวันที่ 28 กันยายน พ.ศ. 2550 นักการเมืองอิตาลี ฟรันโก กริลลินี ได้ตั้งกระทู้ถามในรัฐสภากับรัฐมนตรีว่าการกระทรวงทรัพยากรและกิจกรรมวัฒนธรรม ถึงความจำเป็นของเสรีภาพทางสถาปัตยกรรม เขาว่า การขาดเสรีภาพดังกล่าวบีบมิให้วิกิพีเดียแสดงภาพสิ่งก่อสร้างและผลงานศิลปะอิตาลีสมัยใหม่ทั้งหมด และอ้างว่านี่เป็นการทำลายรายได้ที่มาจากการท่องเที่ยวอย่างรุนแรง[161]
หนังสือพิมพ์เดอะวอชิงตันโพสต์ รายงานว่า วิกิพีเดียเป็นจุดรวมความสนใจในระหว่างการรณรงค์หาเสียงเลือกตั้งประธานาธิบดีสหรัฐอเมริกา ค.ศ. 2008[162] บทความของรอยเตอร์ชิ้นหนึ่งในเดือนตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2550 รายงานปรากฏการณ์ล่าสุดที่ว่าบทความวิกิพีเดียชี้ความโดดเด่นของบุคคลได้[163]
วิกิพีเดียได้รับสองรางวัลใหญ่เมื่อเดือนพฤษภาคม พ.ศ. 2547[164] รางวัลแรกเป็นรางวัลโกลเดนนิกาสำหรับประชาคมดิจิตอลจากการประกวดปรีซ์อาร์สอิเล็กโทรนิกา เป็นเงินรางวัลมูลค่า 10,000 ยูโร และได้รับเชิญให้เข้าร่วมเทศกาลพีเออีไซเบอร์อาร์ตสในออสเตรีย ปีเดียวกัน รางวัลที่สองเป็นรางวัลเว็บบีจากการตัดสินของคณะกรรมการในหมวดหมู่ "ประชาคม"[165] เมื่อวันที่ 26 มกราคม พ.ศ. 2550 วิกิพีเดียยังได้รับรางวัลอันดับแบรนด์สูงสุดอันดับที่สี่โดยผู้อ่าน brandchannel.com โดยได้รับผลโหวต 15% สำหรับคำถามที่ว่า "แบรนด์ใดมีผลกระทบต่อชีวิตของเรามากที่สุดในปี พ.ศ. 2549"[166] และในเดือนกันยายน พ.ศ. 2551 วิกิพีเดียได้รับรางวัล "งานเพื่อการให้ความรู้" ของควอดริกา[167]
มีสารานุกรมมัลติมีเดียเชิงโต้ตอบที่สาธารณะเป็นผู้เขียนเนื้อหาหลายโครงการเกิดขึ้นก่อนหน้าวิกิพีเดียจะถูกก่อตั้งขึ้น สารานุกรมประเภทนี้โครงการแรกคือ โครงการดูมส์เดย์บีบีซี พ.ศ. 2529 ซึ่งรวบรวมข้อความและภาพถ่ายจากผู้ร่วมพัฒนามากกว่า 1 ล้านคนในสหราชอาณาจักร และครอบคลุมเนื้อหาประเภทภูมิศาสตร์ ศิลปะและวัฒนธรรมของสหราชอาณาจักร นี่เป็นสารานุกรมมัลติมีเดียเชิงโต้ตอบโครงการแรก และยังเป็นเอกสารมัลติมีเดียสำคัญชิ้นแรกที่เชื่อมโยงด้วยลิงก์ภายใน โดยบทความส่วนใหญ่สามารถเข้าถึงได้ผ่านแผนที่เชิงโต้ตอบในสหราชอาณาจักร อินเตอร์เฟซผู้ใช้และเนื้อหาโครงการดูมส์เดย์บางส่วนถูกลอกขึ้นสู่เว็บไซต์จนถึงปี พ.ศ. 2551[168] หนึ่งในสารานุกรมออนไลน์ยุคเริ่มแรก ซึ่งเกิดขึ้นจากการรวบรวมเนื้อหาที่สาธารณะเป็นผู้เขียนขึ้น ที่ประสบความสำเร็จสูงสุด คือ h2g2 ที่ดักลาส อดัมส์เป็นผู้สร้างขึ้น และดำเนินงานโดยบีบีซี โครงการ h2g2 ค่อนข้างไม่มีระเบียบกฎเกณฑ์มากนัก โดยเน้นบทความที่ให้ความรู้และข้อมูล ทั้งสองโครงการนี้มีความคล้ายคลึงกับวิกิพีเดีย แต่ยังไม่มีโครงการใดที่ให้โอกาสด้านการแก้ไขแก่ผู้ใช้สาธารณะอย่างเต็มที่ โครงการไม่ใช่วิกิที่คล้ายกัน โครงการกนูพีเดีย ซึ่งเกิดขึ้นพร้อมกับนูพีเดียในช่วงแรก อย่างไรก็ตาม โครงการดังกล่าวถอนตัวออกไปและผู้สร้างโครงการ ริชาร์ด สตอลล์แมน ได้ให้ความช่วยเหลือแก่วิกิพีเดียแทน[19]
มูลนิธิวิกิพีเดียยังได้จัดตั้งโครงการอื่นที่ใช้ซอฟต์แวร์เดียวกันนอกเหนือไปจากการจัดทำสารานุกรม โดยมีโครงการแรกสุดคือ "In Memoriam: September 11 Wiki" ที่เริ่มสร้างเมื่อเดือนตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2545 รวบรวมเรื่องราวเกี่ยวกับเหตุวินาศกรรม 11 กันยายน พ.ศ. 2544 แต่ได้ปิดตัวลงเมื่อเดือนตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2549 โครงการวิกิพจนานุกรมที่ยังคงใช้งานจนถึงปัจจุบัน มีลักษณะจัดการข้อมูลในลักษณะพจนานุกรม เริ่มเปิดตัวเมื่อเดือนธันวาคม พ.ศ. 2545 ตามมาด้วยโครงการวิกิคำคม ที่เป็นการรวบรวมคำคมของบุคคลต่าง ๆ ถูกตั้งขึ้นหนึ่งสัปดาห์หลังจากวิกิมีเดียก่อตั้งขึ้น และวิกิตำรา แหล่งรวบรวมหนังสือเรียนเสรีและข้อความอธิบายประกอบที่ร่วมกันเขียนขึ้น หลังจากนั้น วิกิมีเดียได้เริ่มต้นโครงการอื่นอีกหลายโครงการ รวมทั้งวิกิวิทยาลัย โครงการสำหรับสร้างสื่อการเรียนรู้เสรีและการจัดหากิจกรรมการเรียนรู้ออนไลน์ แต่ไม่มีโครงการพี่น้องอื่นใดจะมีความสำเร็จเทียบได้กับวิกิพีเดีย
วิกิพีเดียหลายภาษายังได้จัดให้มีโต๊ะบริการอ้างอิง ที่ซึ่งอาสาสมัครจะตอบคำถามของสาธารณชน ตามผลการศึกษาในวารสารเอกสารการวิจัย คุณภาพของโต๊ะบริการอ้างอิงของวิกิพีเดียสามารถเทียบได้กับโต๊ะบริการอ้างอิงของห้องสมุดมาตรฐาน โดยมีความถูกต้องของข้อมูล 55%[169]
มีเว็บไซต์อื่นอีกหลายเว็บไซต์ที่มุ่งพัฒนาฐานความรู้แบบร่วมมือทั้งที่ได้รับแรงบันดาลใจจากวิกิพีเดียหรือเป็นแรงบันดาลใจแก่วิกิพีเดีย โครงการสารานุกรมบางโครงการไม่มีกระบวนการตรวจทานเนื้อหาอย่างเป็นทางการคล้ายกับวิกิพีเดีย ขณะที่บางโครงการใช้ระบบการทบทวนที่คล้ายกับสารานุกรมดั้งเดิม สารานุกรมออนไลน์ที่ทำงานบนวิกิ ซิติเซนเดียม เริ่มต้นจากผู้ร่วมก่อตั้งวิกิพีเดีย แลร์รี แซงเจอร์ ในความพยายามที่จะสร้างวิกิพีเดียที่ "เป็นมิตรต่อผู้เชี่ยวชาญ"[170][171][172] ตัวอย่างโครงการสารานุกรมออนไลน์อื่น เช่น ไป่ตู้ไป่เคอ หรือคลังปัญญาไทย


--URL: http://www.wikimediafoundation.org
The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual, educational content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. The Wikimedia Foundation operates some of the largest collaboratively edited reference projects in the world, including Wikipedia, a top-ten internet property.



Jobs

Follow Wikimedia HR updates on Twitter.
The Wikimedia Foundation relies heavily on the generous support from our users. Please consider making a donation today, be it time or money.
The Wikimedia Foundation is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in the United States, and donations from US citizens are tax deductible. Donations made by citizens of other countries may also be tax deductible. Please see deductibility of donations for details. Please see our fundraising page for details of making donations via credit card, PayPal, postal mail or direct deposit. For all other types of donations, please contact us.
Knowledge is a foundation
The Annual Plan documents the Foundation's 2014–15 financial plan, strategic targets, activities, and staffing overview.
The Wikimedia Foundation is proud to be one of the most transparent non-profit organizations in the world. For updates about our program activities and our Annual Report, see the other links on this page. Additionally, we provide the following information:
Wikimedia Foundation staff regularly participate in open office hours on IRC (an online chat system). Our fundraising work is public and community-driven as well. If you'd like to jump right in, visit the community fundraising landing page.
For more information about the contributors to the logo designs, see Wikimedia trademarks
Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. And we need your help. Please support the Wikimedia Foundation by donating today.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Home
The following pages link to Home:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:About_us
The Wikimedia Foundation Inc. is a nonprofit, charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of its wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. It operates some of the largest collaboratively-edited reference projects in the world, including Wikipedia, one of the world's 10 most-visited websites.
For a full list of projects, visit Our projects.
All projects of the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively developed by volunteers using the MediaWiki software. Their content may be freely used, freely edited, freely copied and freely redistributed subject to the restrictions of that license.
The goal of Wikipedia, the largest encyclopedia in history, is to create free encyclopedias in all languages of the world. Anyone with Internet access is free to contribute by writing new articles and editing existing articles. Wikipedia was ranked the fourth most visited website on the internet in November 2008 according to comScore.
Wikipedia started in January 2001, and currently offers over eleven million articles in over 260 languages. The largest Wikipedia is in English, with more than 2.6 million articles; followed by the German and French editions, each of which contain more than six hundred thousand articles. Nine other language editions contain 200,000+ articles, and more than 150 other languages contain 1,000+ articles. Wikipedia is entirely created and maintained by a community of active volunteers.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:About_us
The following pages link to Template:About us:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Press_releases/Roger_McNamee_to_Become_Wikimedia_Advisor_January_2009
Roger McNamee to Become Wikimedia Advisor
Media and entertainment investment pioneer joins non-profit's Advisory Board
San Francisco CA January 13, 2009 -- The Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization behind the web encyclopedia Wikipedia, today announced the appointment of Roger McNamee to the Foundation's Advisory Board. Roger McNamee is Managing Director and Co-Founder of Elevation Partners, which invests in media and consumer technology companies. He is a long-term San Francisco Bay Area resident, a professional musician, and a prominent Wikipedia supporter.
"Roger has been a tremendously helpful advisor and friend to the Wikimedia Foundation for years," said Michael Snow, Chair of the Wikimedia Board of Trustees. "I'm delighted he has agreed to formalize his role with us, and I look forward to his continued involvement in our work."
The Wikimedia Foundation, which operates the volunteer-written encyclopedia with a staff of just under 25 people, created its Advisory Board in January 2007 as a mechanism for input from leaders and thinkers in fields like education, technology, and free culture. Advisory Board members convene with Wikimedia's leadership once a year and also support the organization in their specific areas of expertise. Roger McNamee will act as a special advisor to the Executive Director on business and strategy issues.
"Roger is terrific at figuring out what organizations need to succeed, and helping them get it. His advice and introductions have been enormously valuable for me, particularly as I've begun to establish the Wikimedia Foundation in the Bay Area." said Sue Gardner, Executive Director of the Wikimedia Foundation.
"Wikipedia is one of the very few large websites that is fulfilling the original promise of the internet: to make the world a radically better place," said Roger. "One of the interesting things about Wikipedia is that it invites us all to do what we can, based on our own skills and abilities, to help fulfill the mission. I am thrilled to be involved in an enterprise that is having such a huge and positive global impact."
The current Advisory Board membership includes:
For more information, visit the advisory board page.
The Wikimedia Foundation Inc. is a nonprofit, charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of its wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. It operates some of the largest collaboratively-edited reference projects in the world, including Wikipedia, one of the world's 10 most-visited websites.
For a full list of projects, visit Our projects.
All projects of the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively developed by volunteers using the MediaWiki software. Their content may be freely used, freely edited, freely copied and freely redistributed subject to the restrictions of that license.
The goal of Wikipedia, the largest encyclopedia in history, is to create free encyclopedias in all languages of the world. Anyone with Internet access is free to contribute by writing new articles and editing existing articles. Wikipedia was ranked the fourth most visited website on the internet in November 2008 according to comScore.
Wikipedia started in January 2001, and currently offers over eleven million articles in over 260 languages. The largest Wikipedia is in English, with more than 2.6 million articles; followed by the German and French editions, each of which contain more than six hundred thousand articles. Nine other language editions contain 200,000+ articles, and more than 150 other languages contain 1,000+ articles. Wikipedia is entirely created and maintained by a community of active volunteers.


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Press_releases/Roger_McNamee_to_Become_Wikimedia_Advisor_January_2009
The following pages link to Press releases/Roger McNamee to Become Wikimedia Advisor January 2009:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Meno25/sandbox

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Meno25
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9_%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%89_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%BA%D9%8A%D8%B1_%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B4%D9%88%D8%B1%D8%A9
تحذير : هذه الصفحة عبارة عن ترجمة لسياسة من سياسات مؤسسة ويكيميديا. هذه الترجمة لأغراض توضيحية فقط ، وليست بديلا للسياسة الرسمية. النسخة الأصلية من السياسة موجودة هنا، وهي النسخة الوحيدة الأصلية والرسمية.
القصد من هذه السياسة هو ضمان المساءلة الشخصية و القانونية للمتطوعين الذين لديهم القدرة على الوصول إلى بيانات غير علانية والتي تشملها سياسة مؤسسة ويكيميديا المعنية بالخصوصية.
1. سيسمح فقط للأشخاص المعروفة هوياتهم من قبل مؤسسة ويكيميديا بالحصول على القدرة للوصول إلى أي بيانات غير علانية أو أي معلومات أخرى غير علانية تم انتاجها، تجميعها أو تم الاحتفاظ بها بشكل ما عن طريق مؤسسة ويكيميديا، حيث هذه البيانات أو المعلومات الاخرى محظورة عن الاعلان العام عن طريق سياسة ويكيميديا للخصوصية.
2. أي متطوع يتم اختياره عن طريق أي الية مجتمع ليتم منحه صلاحية الوصول إلى بيانات محظورة لن يمنح تلك الصلاحية إلى أن يقدم هذا المتطوع إثباتات تحدد شخصيته للمؤسسة بصورة لا لبس فيها، والتي يمكن أن تشمل دلائل على أن هذا المستخدم لا يقل عن 18 عاما وصراحة قد وصل إلى الحد الأدنى للعمر الذي يضمن مساءلتهم بشكل قانوني و أن يكونون قادرين على التصرف خارج نطاق وصاية الأهل ضمن المنطقة التي يقيمون فيها.
3. أي متطوع يملك بشكل مسبق الصلاحيات المشار اليها اعلاه قبل إقرار هذه السياسة يجب عليه تحديد شخصيته إلى المؤسسة في غضون 60 يوما من اعتماد هذا القرار، و إلا سيتم الغاء جميع هذه الصلاحيات. المتطوعون الذين يملكون سجلا جيدا و تم سحب الصلاحيات منهم بسبب عدم قدرتهم على إثبات هوياتهم ضمن مدة التنبيه يمكنهم استعادة تلك الصلاحيات فور تقديم إثبات شخصياتهم للمؤسسة.
4. مناصب المتطوعين التي يشملها هذا القرار تشمل، بدون حدود، المضيفين، مدققي المستخدم و مالكي صلاحيات الأوفرسايت، وجميع المطورين الذين لهم إمكانية الوصول إلى أي سجلات إلكترونية تتضمن معلومات غير علانية (مثل عناوين بروتوكول الإنترنت سواء للقراء أو المساهمين).
5. سياسات الوصول لخدمات طوابير الأو تي آر إس أو نظم الاتصالات الأخرى لمؤسسة ويكيميديا يتم صياغتها من قبل موظفي مؤسسة ويكيميديا بما يضمن تطبيق القصد من هذه السياسة.
6. صلاحية الوصول إلى مراجعات محذوفة على مشروع قابل للتحرير علنا، مثل الصلاحيات التي يمتلكها الإداريون، ليست كافية لاشتراط تحديد الهوية في إطار هذه السياسة.
7. معلومات كشف و تعريف هوية المتطوعين المقدمة إلى مؤسسة ويكيميديا امتثالا لهذه السياسة يجب أن تعامل على أنها سرية، و كمعلومات غير علانية لا يجوز الإفراج عنها إلا بما يتفق مع سياسة الخصوصية لويكيميديا.
8. أي استثناءات لهذه السياسة يمكن أن تتم فقط بموجب قرار من مجلس الأمناء.
أخر تحديث لهذه السياسة كان في 2 يونيو 2007


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/%D8%B3%D9%8A%D8%A7%D8%B3%D8%A9_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9_%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%89_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A8%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA_%D8%BA%D9%8A%D8%B1_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%86%D9%8A%D8%A9
The following pages link to سياسة الاطلاع على البيانات غير العلنية:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/سياسة_الاطلاع_على_البيانات_غير_العلنية
The following pages link to سياسة الاطلاع على البيانات غير العلنية:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Nonpublicdatalang

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Nonpublicdatalang
The following pages link to Template:Nonpublicdatalang:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:Other_languages_templates
This category groups templates that link to other language editions of the same page. Such templates should use the instructions at Template:Other languages or use the <div class="divlang">.
Please don't add language templates manually, but by adding: <noinclude>{{Language template}}</noinclude>.
The following 103 pages are in this category, out of 103 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Category:Other_languages_templates
The following pages link to Category:Other languages templates:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Language_template
This is a meta-template for language-related templates. It adds Category:Other languages templates to the template and prevents the page from being included in printed versions (e.g. PDF exports).
If you don't use this template, and language selection templates are not excluded from print, it takes up about half a page, because the renderer lists it as bullet points and not as a compact form as on wiki pages.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Language_template
The following pages link to Template:Language template:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template_talk:Language_template
Hi! Welcome to the website for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
Unfortunately, wikimediafoundation.org does not allow open editing at this time; however, we want everyone to be able to contribute. If you have suggestions for how we could improve this site please use the links below:
Maybe we should add noprint class to all those templates; they're useless in print version, too. --Nemo bis 00:04, 23 July 2010 (UTC)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Nemo_bis
Nemo, from it.wikiquote and Wikimedia Italia.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Nemo_bis
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Wikimedia_Five-Year_Targets.ods
Final draft of five-year tagets for the Wikimedia Foundation, 2010. Approved with Resolution:Five-year targets.
PDF: File:Wikimedia Five-Year Targets.pdf.
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
There are no pages that link to this file.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/File:Wikimedia_Five-Year_Targets.ods
The following pages link to File:Wikimedia Five-Year Targets.ods:

--URL: https://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/
ይህ የአማርኛው ውክፔዲያ ጥር 18 ቀን 1996 ዓመተ ምሕረት (27 January 2004 እ.ኤ.አ.) የተጀመረ ሲሆን አሁን 12,535 ጽሑፎችን አካቶ ይዟል።
አጠቃላይ የውክፔዲያ አጠቃቀም መልመጃ ለጀማሪዎች እሚለው ማያያዣ ላይ ይገኛል።

የ2010 እ.ኤ.አ. ፊፋ የዓለም ዋንጫ
የ2010 እ.ኤ.አ. ፊፋ የዓለም ዋንጫ ፲፱ኛው የፊፋ የዓለም ዋንጫ የነበረ ሲሆን ከሰኔ ፬ እስከ ሐምሌ ፬ ቀን ፳፻፪ ዓ.ም. በደቡብ አፍሪካ ተካሄዷል። ውድድሩን ለማቅረብ የተካሄደው ዕጣ ውስጥ የአፍሪካ ሀገሮች ብቻ እንዲሳተፉ ነበር የተፈቀደው። ደቡብ አፍሪካ ግብፅና ሞሮኮን በማሸነፍ የመጀመሪያው የዓለም ዋንጫን ያቀረበች አፍሪካዊ ሀገር ሆናለች።
የማጣሪያ ዕጣ በኅዳር ፲፭ ቀን ፳፻ ዓ.ም. በደርባን ከተማ ተካሄዷል። ደቡብ አፍሪካ አስተናጋጅ ስለሆነች ያለ ማጣሪያ አልፋለች። ነገር ግን የ2006 እ.ኤ.አ. አሸናፊ ጣሊያን በማጣሪያው መሳተፍ ነበረባት።
ሚያዝያ ፩
Sternbergia clusiana (Amaryllidaceae) blooming in the Golan Heights, November 8, 2006.


--URL: https://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E1%8B%8D%E1%8A%AD%E1%8D%94%E1%8B%B2%E1%8B%AB:%E1%8A%A0%E1%8C%A0%E1%89%83%E1%88%8B%E1%8B%AD_%E1%8B%A8%E1%88%95%E1%8C%8D_%E1%8A%90%E1%8C%A5%E1%89%A6%E1%89%BD
ውክፔድያ በብዙ ሰዎች በጋራ የሚጻፍ እና የሚስተካከል መጽሓፈ-ዕውቀት ነው። የመጽሐፈ-ዕውቀቱ አሠራር ማንኛውም የኢንተርኔት ግንኙነት ያለው ሰው እንዲለውጠው ይፈቅዳል። በዚህ መጽሐፈ-ዕውቀት የተገኘ መረጃ እንዳለ ባለሙያ በሆነ ሰው ምናልባት አልታየምና ይንጠቀቁ።
ይህ ማለት ያለው መረጃ ትክክለኛ እና አስተማማኝ አይደለም ማለት ሳይሆን ዊኪፔዲያ ዋስትና ሊሰጥ አይችልም።
ማንኛውም የዊኪፔዲያ መጋቢዎች፣ ፀሀፊዎች፣ እስፖንሰሮች ወይም ሌላ ማንኛውም ግንኙነት ያላቸው ግለሰቦች በማንኛውም አይነት መንገድ ሕጋዊ ኃላፊነት የለባቸውም።

--URL: https://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E1%88%8D%E1%8B%A9:WhatLinksHere/%E1%8B%8D%E1%8A%AD%E1%8D%94%E1%8B%B2%E1%8B%AB:%E1%8B%A8%E1%8A%83%E1%88%8B%E1%8D%8A%E1%8A%90%E1%89%B5_%E1%88%9B%E1%88%B5%E1%89%B3%E1%8B%88%E1%89%82%E1%8B%AB
የሚከተሉት ገጾች ወደ ውክፔዲያ:የኃላፊነት ማስታወቂያ ተያይዘዋል።

--URL: http://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/ልዩ:WhatLinksHere/ውክፔዲያ:የኃላፊነት_ማስታወቂያ
የሚከተሉት ገጾች ወደ ውክፔዲያ:የኃላፊነት ማስታወቂያ ተያይዘዋል።

--URL: http://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E1%8B%8D%E1%8A%AD%E1%8D%94%E1%8B%B2%E1%8B%AB:%E1%8A%A0%E1%8C%A0%E1%89%83%E1%88%8B%E1%8B%AD_%E1%8B%A8%E1%88%95%E1%8C%8D_%E1%8A%90%E1%8C%A5%E1%89%A6%E1%89%BD
ውክፔድያ በብዙ ሰዎች በጋራ የሚጻፍ እና የሚስተካከል መጽሓፈ-ዕውቀት ነው። የመጽሐፈ-ዕውቀቱ አሠራር ማንኛውም የኢንተርኔት ግንኙነት ያለው ሰው እንዲለውጠው ይፈቅዳል። በዚህ መጽሐፈ-ዕውቀት የተገኘ መረጃ እንዳለ ባለሙያ በሆነ ሰው ምናልባት አልታየምና ይንጠቀቁ።
ይህ ማለት ያለው መረጃ ትክክለኛ እና አስተማማኝ አይደለም ማለት ሳይሆን ዊኪፔዲያ ዋስትና ሊሰጥ አይችልም።
ማንኛውም የዊኪፔዲያ መጋቢዎች፣ ፀሀፊዎች፣ እስፖንሰሮች ወይም ሌላ ማንኛውም ግንኙነት ያላቸው ግለሰቦች በማንኛውም አይነት መንገድ ሕጋዊ ኃላፊነት የለባቸውም።

--URL: http://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E1%88%8D%E1%8B%A9:WhatLinksHere/%E1%8B%8D%E1%8A%AD%E1%8D%94%E1%8B%B2%E1%8B%AB:%E1%8B%A8%E1%8A%83%E1%88%8B%E1%8D%8A%E1%8A%90%E1%89%B5_%E1%88%9B%E1%88%B5%E1%89%B3%E1%8B%88%E1%89%82%E1%8B%AB
የሚከተሉት ገጾች ወደ ውክፔዲያ:የኃላፊነት ማስታወቂያ ተያይዘዋል።

--URL: http://am.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E1%88%98%E1%8B%B0%E1%89%A5:%E1%88%98%E1%88%98%E1%88%AA%E1%8B%AB%E1%8B%8E%E1%89%BD
በዚሁ መደብ ውስጥ (ከ10 በጠቅላላ) የሚከተሉት 10 መጣጥፎች አሉ።

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q9709117

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Q9709117
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Oleg3280
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(latest | earliest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/Oleg3280
Username: 


--URL: http://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Oleg3280
没有找到匹配这些规则的更改。

--URL: http://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E
维基教科書不保证有效性
如果您需要具体的建议（例如在医学、法律和风险管理方面），请咨询一名注册或在该领域有能力的专业人士。
并不是维基教科書内所有的内容都经过同行评议；虽然读者可能修正错误或删除错误的内容，他们没有法律义务必须这么做，因此在这里的任何信息都无法保证正确。

--URL: http://ru.wikibooks.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B1%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA:%D0%9E%D1%82%D0%BA%D0%B0%D0%B7_%D0%BE%D1%82_%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%82%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8
Викиучебник (Wikibooks), собрание Интернет-учебников с открытым содержимым, является добровольным сообществом личностей и групп, создающих общее хранилище человеческих знаний. Его строение позволяет любому, кто имеет доступ к Интернету и браузер, изменять его содержание. Поэтому, пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что приведённые здесь сведения по любой из тем могут быть не проверенными профессионалами, обладающими знаниями в соответствующих областях, необходимыми для предоставления вам полной, точной или заслуживающей доверия информации.
Нельзя сказать, что в Викиучебнике не так уж много полезной и точной информации, однако вы должны сознавать, что Викиучебник не может никаким способом гарантировать правильность приведённых в нём данных. Прямо перед тем, как вы их прочли, они могли быть изменены , испорчены, либо написаны тем, чьё мнение отличается от общепринятого в области знаний, интересующей вас.
Никто из авторов, участников, спонсоров, администраторов и лиц, как-либо ещё связанных с Викиучебником, не несёт ответственность за появление неточной или ложной информации, а также за использование вами данных, содержащихся на этих веб-страницах либо найденных по ссылкам с них.
Пожалуйста, примите во внимание, что вся информация, находящаяся здесь, предоставлена свободно, как акт доброй воли, без заключения каких-либо договорённостей или договоров между вами и владельцами или пользователями данного сайта, владельцами серверов, на которых он размещён, авторами Викиучебника, администраторами проекта либо кем-то ещё, любым образом связанными с этим или родственными ему проектами, которые [договора] могут стать предметом прямых претензий. Вам предоставляется ограниченное право копировать содержимое этого сайта — данное право не предусматривает и не подразумевает никакой договорной или иной ответственности за любую часть Викиучебника или её агентов, участников, организаторов или других пользователей.
Любые торговые марки, знаки и названия товаров, служб и организаций, права на дизайн, авторские и смежные права, которые упоминаются, используются или цитируются в статьях, принадлежат их законным владельцам. Их использование здесь не даёт вам право на любое другое использование, кроме предусмотренного авторами статей Википедии в соответствии со схемой лицензирования GNU Free Documentation License. Если не указано иное, Викиучебник и Фонд Викимедиа никак не связаны с правообладателями, и поэтому Викиучебник не может распоряжаться правами на использование материалов, защищённых авторским правом. Вы несёте ответственность за использование этих и подобных материалов.
Обратите внимание, что чтение, распространение или изменение информации, размещённой в Викиучебнике, может являться нарушением законов той страны, в которой вы просматриваете этот сайт. Викиучебник не призывает к нарушению никаких законов, но так как информация сохраняется на сервере в штате Флорида в США, мы пользуемся правами, предоставленными всем Первой поправкой к конституции США и принципами Универсальной декларации прав человека ООН. Законы вашей страны могут трактовать защиту свободы слова не так широко, как законы США или Хартия ООН — в этом случае Викиучебник не несёт ответственности за любые потенциальные нарушения этих законов вами при создании ссылок на этот сайт или другом использовании любой содержащейся здесь информации.
Если вам нужен совет специалиста (например, в области медицины, права, финансов или управления рисками), пожалуйста, обратитесь к профессионалам, имеющим лицензию и знания в данной области.
Несмотря на то, что пользователи могут исправлять ошибки или убирать ошибочные суждения, они не обязаны этого делать. Поэтому вся информация предоставляется без гарантии полезности для любой цели либо пригодности к какому-либо использованию.
Викиучебник не может нести ответственность за любой нанесённый ущерб, так как является добровольным сообществом, свободно организованным для создания открытых образовательных, культурных и информационных ресурсов. Информация предоставляется как акт доброй воли и не существует соглашения или акта о намерениях между вами и Викиучебником относительно использования или изменения информации, не предусмотренного GNU Free Documentation License. Также никто в Викиучебнике не несёт ответственности за изменение, редактирование или удаление любой информации, добавленной вами в Викиучебник или другие связанные с ней проекты.


--URL: https://ru.wikibooks.org/wiki/%D0%92%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%83%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B1%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA:%D0%92%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5
Викиучебник — это веб-сайт, где любой посетитель может внести свой вклад в написание учебной литературы: учебников, руководств, инструкций, кулинарных книг и тому подобного. Работает по технологии «вики» и на принципах свободы информации: каждый может создать и изменить любую страницу любого викиучебника, и каждый может бесплатно читать, копировать, издавать и изменять его содержание.
Викиучебник был создан 10 июля 2003 года (русский раздел, фактически — годом позже), после рождения и расцвета Википедии, — интернет-энциклопедии, работающей на подобных принципах. В Википедии вы можете найти энциклопедические сведения о ней самой, Викиучебнике, и о компании, которая их поддерживает — Фонде Викимедиа, и о многом другом.
Вы можете помочь нам, написав учебник или дополнив существующие. Только сперва прочитайте справку и «поиграйтесь» в «Песочнице». Если и после того останутся вопросы, вы можете задать их на соответствующих страницах обсуждения или на форуме.

--URL: https://zh.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:%E6%AC%A2%E8%BF%8E
不管怎麼說，只要是在中立、互重、非商業和不違反他人版權的情況下，大家都可以自由地編寫任何類型的教科書、參考書或手冊。
入门帮助
更多内容参见Help:目录
社区联络

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/%E8%B5%84%E5%8A%A9%E7%9A%84%E5%85%8D%E7%A8%8E%E6%94%BF%E7%AD%96
赞助 | 理事會主席的呼籲 | 新聞稿 （英语） | FAQ (英语) | 捐助人隐私方针（英语） | 捐款免税 | 贊助政策（英語） | 经费预算 （英语） | Gift Certificate
< 资助
在美国捐助是可以获得免税的
The Wikimedia Foundation Inc., a Florida not-for-profit corporation, is registered as a charitable organization with the State of Florida's Division of Consumer Services, a division of the State of Florida's Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, and may lawfully solicit donations under Florida law. The Foundation has been granted official tax exempt status (section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code) from the United States Internal Revenue Service. Tax-exempt status was granted in April 2005 and is retroactive back to the date of creation of the Foundation: June 20, 2003. You may deduct donations from your federally-taxable income. Please contact a tax professional for the details of deducting such a donation.
对在德国或者法国的当地维基媒体基金会地方分会的捐助也可以获得免税。参见http://wikimedia.de/spenden/ 和 http://www.wikimedia.fr/wiki/Faire_un_don

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:VipsTest
Could not process requested file. Check that it exists on this wiki.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:VipsTest
Could not process requested file. Check that it exists on this wiki.

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Petition

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Petition

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
This policy is approved by the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees to apply to all Wikimedia projects. It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by local policies.
Want to help translate? Translate the missing messages.
Because we believe that you shouldn’t have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
We are committed to:
Be aware:


The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and Wiktionary.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more useable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you shouldn't have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your nonpublic information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.

Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:

We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like “tracking pixels” and “cookies” used in the Privacy Policy. Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our Glossary of Key Terms helpful.

Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
For the sake of clarity, this Privacy Policy covers, regardless of language:
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the Wikimedia Shop) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on Wikimedia Labs). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.

This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Where community policies govern information, such as the CheckUser policy, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.



Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
The Wikimedia Sites were primarily created to help you share your knowledge with the world, and we share your contributions because you have asked us to do so.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.

You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address.
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your IP address.
Want to create an account? Great! Don't want to create an account? No problem!
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device.
If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services, and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that.

We may use common technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
We use this information to enhance your user experience and to develop new features.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.

Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information helps us administer the Wikimedia Sites and enhance your user experience.
Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.

We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more personalized experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as cookies and local storage. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data can be anything from text, pictures, and whole articles (as we explain further below) to personal information (like your IP address) and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit).
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at privacy@wikimedia.org.
Locally stored data, JavaScript, and tracking pixels help us do things like:
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our FAQ.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our FAQ. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features may not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through public logs alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site. Information available through public logs will not include personal information about you.

If you choose to provide your email address, we will keep it confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you emails about important information.
You may choose to opt out of certain kinds of notifications.
You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with the Wikimedia Sites. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential, except as provided in this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.
We use your email address to let you know about things that are happening with the Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites, or the Wikimedia movement, such as telling you important information about your account, letting you know if something is changing about the Wikimedia Sites or policies, and alerting you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow. Please note that if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and any other information you provide us, so that we can process and respond to your request.
You can choose to limit some of these kinds of notifications, like those alerting you if an article changes. Others, such as those containing critical information that all users need to know to participate successfully in the Wikimedia Sites, you may not be able to opt out of. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our FAQ.
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive such an email, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email.
Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.

We may ask you to provide us with information through a survey or provide feedback, but you will never be obligated to participate.
Participating in optional surveys or providing feedback helps us make the Wikimedia Sites better. Because every survey and request for feedback may be used for various purposes, we will tell you, at the time we give you the survey or request for feedback, how we plan on using your answers and any personal information you provide. If you don't feel comfortable with how we plan on using the survey or feedback results, you are not obligated to take the survey or give feedback.


If you consent, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. But it's completely up to you whether or not you want us to use geolocation tools to make some features available to you. If you consent, we can use GPS (and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our FAQ.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Sometimes, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive metadata, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.

When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, which can be used to infer your geographical location.
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.


We may share your information when you give us specific permission to do so.

We may share your information for a particular purpose, if you agree. You can find more information in the list of examples in our FAQ.

We will disclose your information in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. We will notify you of such requests when possible.
We may access, preserve, or disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your personal information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
For more information, see our Subpoena FAQ.

In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days notice before any personal information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We, or users with certain administrative rights, may disclose information that is reasonably necessary to:
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, may need to share your personal information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups that have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our Access to Nonpublic Information Policy. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your personal information if we believe that it's reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ for more information.)

We may disclose personal information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers or contractors who help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We may give access to your personal information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)

We may give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We may also share non-personal or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we may give some developers limited access to systems that contain your personal information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we may share non-personal or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to personal information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your personal information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our FAQ.)

Information that you post is public and can been seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your user page or elsewhere.


We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your personal information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).

We only keep your personal information as long as necessary to maintain, understand, and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with U.S. law.
Once we receive personal information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law. Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)
Please remember that certain information is retained and displayed indefinitely, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the Wikimedia Sites.

For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites.

You are consenting to the use of your information in the U.S. and to the transfer of that information to other countries in connection to providing our services to you and others.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure, and other uses of your information in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the transfer of your information by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.

We do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We are strongly committed to not sharing nonpublic information with third parties. In particular, we do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited (including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms), nor do we share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the “When May We Share Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal.
For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our FAQ.

Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any subsequent version of this Privacy Policy becomes effective, following notice as outlined above, constitutes acceptance of that version of the Privacy Policy on your part.

If you have questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or the information collected under this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@wikimedia.org or contact us directly.

Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world.

This privacy policy was approved by the board on April 25th 2014 and went into effect on June 6, 2014. Previous versions can be found below:
Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy · Requests for user information


--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
This policy is approved by the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees to apply to all Wikimedia projects. It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by local policies.
Want to help translate? Translate the missing messages.
Because we believe that you shouldn’t have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
We are committed to:
Be aware:


The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and Wiktionary.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more useable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you shouldn't have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your nonpublic information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.

Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:

We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like “tracking pixels” and “cookies” used in the Privacy Policy. Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our Glossary of Key Terms helpful.

Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
For the sake of clarity, this Privacy Policy covers, regardless of language:
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the Wikimedia Shop) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on Wikimedia Labs). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.

This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Where community policies govern information, such as the CheckUser policy, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.



Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
The Wikimedia Sites were primarily created to help you share your knowledge with the world, and we share your contributions because you have asked us to do so.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.

You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address.
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your IP address.
Want to create an account? Great! Don't want to create an account? No problem!
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device.
If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services, and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that.

We may use common technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
We use this information to enhance your user experience and to develop new features.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.

Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information helps us administer the Wikimedia Sites and enhance your user experience.
Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.

We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more personalized experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as cookies and local storage. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data can be anything from text, pictures, and whole articles (as we explain further below) to personal information (like your IP address) and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit).
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at privacy@wikimedia.org.
Locally stored data, JavaScript, and tracking pixels help us do things like:
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our FAQ.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our FAQ. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features may not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through public logs alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site. Information available through public logs will not include personal information about you.

If you choose to provide your email address, we will keep it confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you emails about important information.
You may choose to opt out of certain kinds of notifications.
You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with the Wikimedia Sites. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential, except as provided in this Policy. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.
We use your email address to let you know about things that are happening with the Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites, or the Wikimedia movement, such as telling you important information about your account, letting you know if something is changing about the Wikimedia Sites or policies, and alerting you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow. Please note that if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and any other information you provide us, so that we can process and respond to your request.
You can choose to limit some of these kinds of notifications, like those alerting you if an article changes. Others, such as those containing critical information that all users need to know to participate successfully in the Wikimedia Sites, you may not be able to opt out of. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our FAQ.
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive such an email, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email.
Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.

We may ask you to provide us with information through a survey or provide feedback, but you will never be obligated to participate.
Participating in optional surveys or providing feedback helps us make the Wikimedia Sites better. Because every survey and request for feedback may be used for various purposes, we will tell you, at the time we give you the survey or request for feedback, how we plan on using your answers and any personal information you provide. If you don't feel comfortable with how we plan on using the survey or feedback results, you are not obligated to take the survey or give feedback.


If you consent, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. But it's completely up to you whether or not you want us to use geolocation tools to make some features available to you. If you consent, we can use GPS (and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our FAQ.

We may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload.
Sometimes, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive metadata, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.

When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, which can be used to infer your geographical location.
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.


We may share your information when you give us specific permission to do so.

We may share your information for a particular purpose, if you agree. You can find more information in the list of examples in our FAQ.

We will disclose your information in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. We will notify you of such requests when possible.
We may access, preserve, or disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your personal information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
For more information, see our Subpoena FAQ.

In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days notice before any personal information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We, or users with certain administrative rights, may disclose information that is reasonably necessary to:
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, may need to share your personal information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups that have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our Access to Nonpublic Information Policy. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your personal information if we believe that it's reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ for more information.)

We may disclose personal information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers or contractors who help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We may give access to your personal information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)

We may give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We may also share non-personal or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your information consistent with this Policy.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we may give some developers limited access to systems that contain your personal information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we may share non-personal or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to personal information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your personal information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our FAQ.)

Information that you post is public and can been seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your user page or elsewhere.


We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your personal information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).

We only keep your personal information as long as necessary to maintain, understand, and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with U.S. law.
Once we receive personal information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law. Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely. (Check out the list of examples in our FAQ.)
Please remember that certain information is retained and displayed indefinitely, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to the Wikimedia Sites.

For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites.

You are consenting to the use of your information in the U.S. and to the transfer of that information to other countries in connection to providing our services to you and others.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, disclosure, and other uses of your information in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the transfer of your information by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.

We do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We are strongly committed to not sharing nonpublic information with third parties. In particular, we do not allow tracking by third-party websites you have not visited (including analytics services, advertising networks, and social platforms), nor do we share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the “When May We Share Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal.
For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our FAQ.

Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any subsequent version of this Privacy Policy becomes effective, following notice as outlined above, constitutes acceptance of that version of the Privacy Policy on your part.

If you have questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or the information collected under this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@wikimedia.org or contact us directly.

Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world.

This privacy policy was approved by the board on April 25th 2014 and went into effect on June 6, 2014. Previous versions can be found below:
Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy · Requests for user information


--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Privacy_policy
The following pages link to Privacy policy:

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Duty_entertainment_guidelines_policy
This policy is maintained by the Wikimedia Foundation to apply to Foundation activities.
The following are Wikimedia Foundation guidelines for duty entertainment. Please refer to the Purchasing and Disbursement Process policy for guidance on submission of expense claims and on the approvals process. Please refer to the Travel Policy for guidance on expenses that are specifically travel-related.
The phrase "duty entertainment" refers to expenses incurred for food, beverages and general entertainment or thank-you acknowledgments. It includes, for example, costs associated with tickets, taxicabs to events, thank-you flowers or gifts, entry fees, etc. Typical examples of duty entertainment might include flowers sent to a donor, lunch with a job candidate, or attendance at a networking function. It is not intended to be frivolous or purposeless spending: it is always to be used in pursuit of the Foundation's goals and best interests.
Duty entertainment does not encompass food and beverages provided as part of normal working operations: for example, catered lunches or snacks provided as part of meetings in the office. It also does not include meals provided for staff who are working extended hours, involved in training or staff development sessions, etc. Those expenses are classified under meeting expenses.
Duty entertainment also does not include normal travel expenses for individuals. For example, a person eating in a restaurant while traveling on Foundation business, would have that expense processed and classified under travel, not duty entertainment.
Examples of allowable duty entertainment:
In general, the purpose of duty entertainment expenditures is to enhance the overall reputation of the Wikimedia Foundation with donors and other stakeholders, and to enhance staff and volunteer engagement and development.
The Wikimedia Foundation is largely funded by donations from the general public. Therefore, all duty entertainment expenses must be reasonable and must be able to withstand public scrutiny. In general, the Wikimedia Foundation requires its representatives to exercise good judgment when incurring duty entertainment expenses. If in doubt as to whether a particular expense is advisable, we ask Foundation representatives to consult in advance with the Executive Director or CFOO.
In general, the use of Foundation funds for duty entertainment is discouraged, with the following exceptions:
As a charity, the Wikimedia Foundation aims to maintain a modest profile, and its marketing/sales activities are limited. In general, Foundation representatives are discouraged from incurring duty entertainment expenses related to our business relationships, including those with consultants, contractors and service providers.

--URL: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Duty_entertainment_guidelines_policy
The following pages link to Duty entertainment guidelines policy:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Duty_entertainment_guidelines_policy
The following pages link to Duty entertainment guidelines policy:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Foundation_Investment_Policy
This policy is approved by the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees to apply to all Wikimedia projects. It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by local policies.
Wikimedia Foundation Investment Policy
March 5, 2014; approved April 25, 2014
Author: Garfield Byrd
Created for the Audit Committee of the Wikimedia Foundation
The purpose of this document is to present to the Audit Committee a draft of an enhanced Investment Policy for the Wikimedia Foundation. This policy is designed to allow for the variety of investments needed to manage the range of funds currently being held and anticipated to be held by the Wikimedia Foundation. The overall concept for the investment strategy of the Wikimedia Foundation will not change with this proposal in that, per the existing investment policy, “preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity shall be priorities over yield,” will continue to be a guiding principle. This policy has undergone a legal and investment advisory review and I am requesting formal approval by both the Audit Committee and the Board of Trustees.
The goal of this enhanced investment policy is to address the question of how to invest the “Long-Term Reserve Funds” of the Wikimedia Foundation while, at the same time, preserving the current investment strategies policy and guidelines to govern the investment of funds classified by the Board Treasurer as “Operating Funds” and “Short-Term Reserve Funds”.
This statement of investment policy was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Wikimedia Foundation on April 25, 2014 to provide for the creation of, and guidelines for, the management of various funds held by the organization. These policies supersede any and all prior actions regarding investment policies. For the purposes of managing investment risk and to optimize investment returns within acceptable risk parameters, the following funds will be created and held as separate investment pools: Operating Fund Short-term Reserve Fund Long-term Reserve Fund
The following procedures will be followed to ensure the investment policy statement is consistent with the mission of the Wikimedia Foundation and accurately reflects current financial conditions: The Audit Committee shall review this investment policy periodically. The Audit Committee will recommend any changes in this policy to the Board of Trustees. The Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees must approve any changes to this policy. The following procedures will be used to determine the dollar amounts to be placed in the each of the various funds. The Treasurer will manage the dollar amounts to be held in the Operating Fund, Short-term Reserve Fund and Long-Term Reserve Fund.
The Board of a non-profit organization is ultimately responsible for its investments. The Audit Committee, acting as a committee of the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation, authorizes the Treasurer to execute investment transactions directly or via professional investment managers consistent with the “Delegations of Financial and Spending Authority” approved July 11, 2012 by the Board of Trustees which is incorporated into this Investment Policy by reference. It is anticipated that the services of investment managers and/or advisors may be sought to manage portions of the funds. The Treasurer is authorized to hire, fire or replace investment managers and/or advisors with notification to the Chair of the Audit Committee.
In implementing this policy, the Treasurer or designated professional investment advisors may not buy securities on margin, may not incur debts of any other kind, may not leverage and may not sell securities short. Alternative investments such as hedge funds, private equity funds and private real estate funds could involve the use of margin, debt, leverage and short sales, but would be eligible for investment only upon explicit approval of the Board of Trustees on a case-by-case basis.
Assets shall be invested with care, skill, prudence, and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent investor, acting in like capacity and familiar with such matters, would use in the investment of a like fund.
The purpose of the Operating Fund is to provide sufficient cash to meet the day-to-day financial obligations of the Wikimedia Foundation in a timely manner.
The investment objectives of the Operating Fund are: Preservation of Capital, Liquidity, and the optimization of the investment return within the constraints above.
Allowable Investments
The Treasurer will invest the Operating Fund as follows:
Maturity
The maturities of investments for the Operating Fund shall be 12 months or less.
The Treasurer will provide a copy of the investment statement(s) to the Chair of the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis with reports available to the Board of Trustees upon request.
The purpose of the Short-term Reserve Fund is to meet the expenses occurring as a result of unanticipated activities and to improve the return on the funds held for expenditure for up to five years.
The investment objectives of the Short-term Fund are:
Allowable Investments
The Treasurer will invest the Short-term Fund as follows:
Diversification, Credit Quality, Maturity and Other Guidelines
Maturity
The Short-term Fund shall have a weighted average maturity of three years or less with no restriction on the maturity of any single security in the Short-term Fund.
Reporting
The Treasurer will provide a copy of the investment statement(s) to the Chair of the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis with reports available to the Board of Trustees upon request.
The purpose of the Long-term Reserve Fund is to provide secure long-term funding for the mission of the Wikimedia Foundation. The assets of the Long-term Reserve Fund shall be managed in such a way as to facilitate the organization's goals and objectives as outlined by the Board of Trustees.
In order to meet its needs, the investment strategy of the Long-term Reserve Fund is to emphasize total return; that is, the aggregate return from capital appreciation and dividends, interest and other income.
Specifically, the primary objective in the investment management of the Long-term Reserve Fund shall be:
General Principles
Specific Investment Goals
The goal of any investment manager(s) selected to invest the assets of this fund shall be to meet or exceed the market index selected and agreed upon by the Treasurer that most closely corresponds to the general principles stated above and the specific assignment of the investment manager.
Allowable Assets
The Long-term Reserve Fund requires that all investment assets be invested in marketable securities, defined as securities that can be traded quickly and efficiently for the Long-term Reserve Fund, with minimal impact on market price. It is generally expected that the Treasurer will invest the assets in funds of accounts managed by third party investment firms, and will not be involved in the day-to-day buying and selling of individual securities.
The Treasurer will provide a copy of the investment statement(s) to the Chair of the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis with reports available to the Board of Trustees upon request.


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Wikimedia_Foundation_Investment_Policy
The following pages link to Wikimedia Foundation Investment Policy:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Minutes/2014-04-25
April 25, 2014
The Chair called the meeting to order at 9:00 AM on April 25, 2014. Jan-Bart de Vreede (Board Chair), Phoebe Ayers (Vice-Chair), Samuel Klein, Maria Sefidari, Jimmy Wales, Stu West, and Alice Wiegand were in attendance. Sue Gardner, Geoff Brigham, and Stephen LaPorte were also present.
The Board discussed how to provide Sue with structured feedback on the annual plan. Individual board members had reviewed the plan and made comments, and the Board will consolidate its feedback for Sue within the next few days.
Maria provided an update on the Board's meeting with the Affiliations Committee during the Wikimedia Conference in Berlin. At the meeting, Board members discussed their duty of care with the Affiliations Committee, and the Committee discussed its mandate.
The Board discussed whether the Affiliations Committee should allow user groups to automatically renew each year (given that the user agreement itself allows automatic renewal). The discussion on user groups was continued in the afternoon.
The Human Resources Committee and Board Governance Committee intend to meet following the Board meeting.
The Audit Committee reported that it has reviewed the WMF's Form 990. The Committee also worked with Garfield to prepare a new proposed Investment Policy, which will be presented to the Board.
Katherine Maher, the Wikimedia Foundation's new Chief Communications Officer, joined for this portion of the meeting, and the Board welcomed her to the Wikimedia Foundation.
Doron Weber joined the meeting at this point.
Lisa joined for this portion of the meeting to give an update about the Wikimedia Foundation's office space and future needs.
Garfield joined for this portion of the meeting. Garfield presented a new proposed Investment Policy, which was reviewed and recommended by the Audit Committee. Board members asked Garfield some clarifying questions about the difference between a reserve and an endowment.
Stu made a motion to vote, seconded by Sam, and the Board approved the policy unanimously with the members present.
Luis and Michelle joined for this portion of the meeting. Geoff introduced the new proposed privacy policy, and the community consultation process that developed the policy. The new privacy policy is more clearly written and addresses new technologies. After over five months of consultation and discussion with the community, the legal team incorporated hundreds of changes in response to community feedback. Geoff also presented changes to the Access to Nonpublic Information policy, which governs how how volunteers with access to non-public information identify themselves to the Foundation.
Board members expressed appreciation that the new privacy policy was clearly written and easy to understand. Board members asked about the social trust that was built under the current Access to Nonpublic Data policy, and the need to continually explore ways to ensure that access to nonpublic data receives appropriate community oversight. There was also discussion on whether the previous Access to Nonpublic Data policy effectively achieved the goal of oversight. Among other things, Board members asked where the new proposed privacy policy would apply. Michelle explained that the privacy policy would apply to all Wikimedia sites, except those covered by a separate privacy policy.
Sam made a motion to vote, seconded by Jan-Bart, and the Board approved the Privacy Policy and Access to Nonpublic Information policy.
The Board thanked the legal team for their work creating the new privacy policy and stewarding the extensive and useful community consultation process. Michelle was excused after this portion of the meeting.
Luis joined for this portion of the meeting. Geoff introduced a new proposed amendment to the Terms of Use on undisclosed paid editing. The proposal was based on previous discussions with the Board on the topic of paid editing on Wikipedia. The proposal is to require disclosure of employer, client and affiliation for paid contributions. After an especially diverse and large discussion with the community, there was significant support for an amendment, with a few important points raised by the community. In response to some of the points, the proposal includes FAQs and a few possible alternative changes to the original proposed amendment.
Board members talked about the importance of allowing the community to craft an alternative disclosure, including an opt-out or stricter standard for disclosure (the so-called "Option 3" presented to the community). Board members also identified a potential problem that this rule could be enforced in an overly harsh manner, and discussed how this should be discouraged.
The Board took a break for lunch, and then continued their discussion on the proposed amendment.
Jimmy made a motion to vote, seconded by Stu. The Board approved the amendment. The Board thanked the legal team for preparing the amendment and helping direct the extensive and useful community consultation.
Luis was excused after this portion of the meeting.
Sue explained the history of user groups, which were designed in the 2012 movement roles discussion as a simple, easy-to-form, and informal group. Currently, there are fewer user groups than expected, and Sue questioned why that is the case. The Board discussed their recent conversation with the Affiliations Committee about movement roles, including the potential impediments to quickly forming user groups. Board members agreed that user groups should have a lightweight process and that, at most, there should only be a quick, light oversight or review to encourage informal and fun user groups that wish to support our projects and mission.
The Board discussed incorporation of user groups, and Board members explained that they believe incorporation may not be appropriate for most groups, but may be acceptable in certain limited circumstances when there is a strong, justifiable reason.
Maria, as Board liaison, will discuss this vision of user groups with the Affiliations Committee.
The Board discussed the purpose of movement partners, another element of the Board's 2012 discussion on movement roles. Movement partners were intended as a way to map the free culture ecosystem, and allow Wikimedia to provide funding and recognition for groups with an aligned purpose. The Board discussed whether this purpose required any additional formalization or not.
Sam will investigate the role of movement partners and bring a proposal for the Board's consideration.
The Board identified Wikipedia readership and the Board election process as topics for future discussion.
The Board thanked Doron for his attendance. Sue, Geoff, Stephen, and Doron were excused at this point in the meeting.
The Board held a confidential executive session, without any staff members present. The meeting concluded at 4:30 PM, after the end of this portion of the meeting.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Minutes/2014-04-25
The following pages link to Minutes/2014-04-25:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Vote:Minutes_approval_April_2014
The Board of Trustees approves the minutes from the April 25, 2014 meeting in San Francisco.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Vote:Minutes_approval_April_2014
The following pages link to Vote:Minutes approval April 2014:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:Resolutions
A category for resolutions of the Board of Trustees.
This category has the following 4 subcategories, out of 4 total.
The following 200 pages are in this category, out of 321 total.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Category:Resolutions
The following pages link to Category:Resolutions:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Messedrocker
My work on this wiki is mainly categorization and whining to people telling them to translate stuff. If there's something that you'd like translated into more languages, or anything else I should do on this wiki, add it below. Other than that, this is my tasklisk and I reserve the right to use it however I wish. (But I'll use it for good, if not for awesome.)

--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Data_retention_guidelines
The community consultation for the Data Retention Guidelines has closed as of 14 February 2014. We thank the community members who have participated in this discussion since the opening of the consultation on 09 January 2014 and have helped make the Guidelines better as a result. Although we are closing the community consultation, we welcome community members to continue the discussion. The Guidelines are intended to evolve and expand over time. You can read more about the consultation on the Wikimedia blog. Mpaulson (WMF) (talk) 23:57, 14 February 2014 (UTC)


Data is important. It is one of the ways we can learn and grow as an organization and a movement, and how we can help make the projects better for those who use them to create, learn, and share. At the same time, we are committed to keeping your private data "for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable U.S. law" (quote from the Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy).
This document helps explain how we fulfill this commitment, by describing our guidelines for data retention, system design, and ongoing auditing and maintenance. These guidelines are meant to be a living document — they will be updated over time to reflect current retention practices.
These guidelines apply to all non-public data we collect from Wikimedia Sites covered by the Privacy Policy.
Unless otherwise indicated, we retain the following types of data for no more than the following periods of time:
For the purposes of these guidelines:
While we make our best effort to anonymize or aggregate information to the point that an individual cannot be identified, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of re-identification. For more info about re-identification, please see the FAQ section of the Privacy Policy.
Terms that are not defined in this document have the same meaning given to them in the Privacy Policy.
If we make exceptions to these guidelines, we will notify the community by describing the exception on this page.
These guidelines are based on practices that the Foundation has generally followed for many years, particularly the 90-day rule for IP addresses and similar personal information in our server logs. However, our older systems may not always comply with these new guidelines, particularly for personal information other than IP addresses. As a result, once these guidelines are adopted, WMF’s technology teams plan to audit our existing systems and bring them into compliance. Because of the size and scope of these systems, this audit will necessarily occur in a gradual fashion.
In order to support these data retention periods and our overall privacy policy, new tools and systems implemented by the Foundation will be designed with privacy in mind. This will include:
Despite our best efforts in designing and deploying new systems, we may occasionally record personal information in a way that does not comply with these guidelines. When we discover such an oversight, we will promptly comply with the guidelines by deleting, aggregating, or anonymizing the information as appropriate.
If you think that these guidelines have potentially been breached, or if you have questions or comments about compliance with the guidelines, please contact us at privacywikimedia.org.
Privacy policy · FAQ · Glossary of key terms · Subpoena FAQ · Access to nonpublic information · Confidentiality agreement · Data retention guidelines · Donor policy


--URL: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Data_retention_guidelines
The following pages link to Data retention guidelines:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Data_retention_guidelines
The following pages link to Data retention guidelines:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Talk:Data_retention_guidelines
DRAFT documents
CURRENT documents
2014



Great to see this stuff be explicit. //Shell 00:15, 10 January 2014 (UTC)
Why would emails be retained indefinitely? I would have expected that if an account gets "officially" closed, the user identifies under a new account and declares the old one as discontinued, or exercises their Right to Vanish, these are all scenarios where an email would not be kept on record forever. --Fæ (talk) 08:03, 11 January 2014 (UTC)
This should include the contents of some HTTP headers, which may have privacy concerns, including:
There are also:
More generally, this data includes everything that is stored by the webserver in the server logs, and it is much more than just the IP or the URL visited with its query parameters (some webserver logs may add query parameters not present in the URL but added in POST data (and that may be converted by one of the front proxies used by Wikimedia sites into GET parameters present in the URL submitted to the backend server).
Note that there are logs stored in front proxies (including instances the various Squid instances connected to the public IP address) and logs stored by backend webservers. There may be filters in front proxies, and front proxes may anonymize part of these requests (notably requests whose cacheable results will be delivered to multiple users).
Server logs are concerned by US laws, when they require that the sites in US retain these logs for some period of time. All these logs are also used by CheckUser admins. verdy_p (talk) 00:53, 15 January 2014 (UTC)
This discussion is open since the 10th of January, and due to close on 4 days. However, it seems that no advertising of its existence as been made (since today) on the french wikipedia (correct me if I'm wrong). I see that as a problem, since those guidelines will affect all users of the projects of the Wikimedia Foundation...
Pleclown (talk) 10:46, 10 February 2014 (UTC)
This is part of the personal information definition, and it needs to be more specific. First, please revise to "...location information (if you have not posted it publicly)". In other words, personal information voluntarily provided on a WMF project by an individual can't really be treated in the same way as personal information that has not been publicly provided.
With respect again to location, when wearing my checkuser hat, I think we might need to be a bit more clear as to what would or would not fall into the "location" issue. Is naming the country giving away location? This comes up regularly when addressing sockpuppetry issues. Risker (talk) 16:44, 10 February 2014 (UTC)
The community consultation for the Data Retention Guidelines has closed as of 14 February 2014. We thank the community members who have participated in this discussion since the opening of the consultation on 09 January 2014 and have helped make the Guidelines better as a result. Although we are closing the community consultation, we welcome community members to continue the discussion. The Guidelines are intended to evolve and expand over time. You can read more about the consultation on the Wikimedia blog. Mpaulson (WMF) (talk) 00:02, 15 February 2014 (UTC)
If I read this correctly, it means that after 90 days IP info is not retained, meaning someone with the CheckUser permission will not be able to go back more than 3 months to investigate a possible sockpuppet situation? That seems unfortunate. I'm Tony Ahn (talk) 06:03, 31 May 2014 (UTC)
Three months data is about the right length to get a consistency of pattern for abuse. To remember that we are not looking at the straight raw data, the process is to run a check on either an IP, a range of IPs, or a username, so it is targeted with the vast bulk of data not being seen. Re your reflections, they are opinions, broad sweeping statements, and not supported by evidence, and they don't align with what I see. While some of what you say may align with some nations, and some providers, it is not universal. While there is validity for general users, it is not accurate where we see spambots. Re abused open proxies, they are far more predominantly not dynamic addresses.
Rhetorical statements and opinions not supported by fact are problematic in this situation, especially where the stream is opinion that follows hypothesis by more opinion to your predetermined conclusion.
Then outlandish statements like personal data used by CheckUser is extremely dangerous for the vast majority of legitimate users is quite provocative. 1) Checkusers don't use personal data especially not for legitimate users, and would rarely see personal data for legitimate users and when seen would hardly be pursuing it and not publishing it. 2) How can the viewing of data be extremely dangerous? What is the basis for such a careless statement? The truth is that the vast bulk of our users are making occasional edits, and that the data is completely innocuous, and puts them in no danger as they edit their article on One Direction, Kylie Minogue, their favourite footballer, etc. The fact that it is not searched, is never viewed, and is not shared should set your mind to rest that the vast majority of our users are not exposed to danger. Your hyperbole is unhelpful.  — billinghurst sDrewth 17:16, 31 May 2014 (UTC)
To your disparaging comments to me. Meh! Ill-informed and unnecessary, but whatever rocks your boat. Shoot the messenger!  — billinghurst sDrewth 04:20, 1 June 2014 (UTC)
Though I suppose this guideline is only about What WMF will do to retain original data on its servers but not what people who has access rights will do after seeing the data, I am concerned about this issue:
It is suggested by Ombudsman commission and a current practice to retain stale checkuser data in case long term abuse is involved and for the purpose of explaining some checkuser actions. Does retaining data on checkuser wiki count as "retaining non-public data"? Should we mention those aspects in this guideline as well? Do we have to notify related parties when there is a need to retain data longer than it should be retained?--朝鲜的轮子 (talk) 05:37, 8 June 2014 (UTC)
Under "Articles viewed by a particular user" the table only mentions logged-in users as an example. Do you retain a complete history including logged-out page views? For example, would it be possible for you to create a list of all IP-adressess who watched a given article in the last 15 days? --Tinz (talk) 12:05, 8 June 2014 (UTC)
User:WNT and others raised the question of why the Foundation collects and retains data about pages visited by a logged-in user and we realized that the wording of the data retention guidelines was unclear and have since changed it. The Guidelines used to state that we can retain “a list of articles viewed by a logged-in user” and that “After at most 90 days, it will be deleted, aggregated, or anonymized.” This wording could easily be read to mean that if you are user XYZ, we have a list of every article that you read in the last 90 days. The Foundation is not interested in the behavior of users as individuals, and we have changed that language to “A list of articles viewed by readers.” The second change we made is to the maximum retention period of non-aggregate data. It now reads that “After 90 days, if retained at all, then only in aggregate form.” and just to clarify, aggregation means that we have removed all information that would identify specific readers. So, after aggregating the data in question, we would be able to keep, for example, the information that "5,000 readers visited article X on mobile devices on a given date" or that “the link from article X to article Y had the highest (75%) click-through rate for page X", but not who those readers were. We hope this addresses your concern. --DarTar (talk) 00:47, 19 June 2014 (UTC)
I am not sure which category it falls in the table in this guideline.--朝鲜的轮子 (talk) 07:07, 30 June 2014 (UTC)
The Wikimedia Foundation has hired a Lead User Experience Researcher to design, build, and implement a system to provide user experience research as part of how we build functionality at the Wikimedia Foundation. Part of that system includes the collection of qualitative data via design research methods. We use this data to recruit research participants. Also, once we implement research with participants (and collect qualitative data), we analyse that data, looking for patterns which then become findings informing the design of functionality.
We do user experience research with participants to inform what to build and why, as well as to iterate concepts and existing functionality. It is one way to bring the community into the design process, and iterate before release. The methodologies used are:
ARipstra (WMF) (talk) 20:29, 5 August 2014 (UTC)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Biographies_of_living_persons/Noticeboard#Archive_of_blp_articles [1] It does raise issues about archives and how retention is enforced and managed arbcom has been emailed with my comments about this as well Once a article is redacted by oversight, what steps are taken to remove this redacted information from db dumps ?
What the are dump retention periods ?

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Talk:Data_retention_guidelines
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/LuisV_(WMF)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/LuisV_(WMF)
Username: 


--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/LuisV_(WMF)



--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages

--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:VipsTest
Could not process requested file. Check that it exists on this wiki.

--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:UsersWhoWillBeRenamed
This page lists users registered with this wiki who will be renamed due to single-user login finalization. More information on unified login. Users can request a rename at any time using Special:GlobalRenameRequest.

--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE



--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/செல்வா



--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE
Username: 


--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/செல்வா
Username: 


--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE
There is currently no text in this page. You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.

--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:செல்வா
There is currently no text in this page. You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.

--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Search/%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE
There were no results matching the query.


--URL: http://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Search/செல்வா
There were no results matching the query.


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE



--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/செல்வா



--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE
Username: 


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:CentralAuth/செல்வா
Username: 


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:PrefixIndex/User:%E0%AE%9A%E0%AF%86%E0%AE%B2%E0%AF%8D%E0%AE%B5%E0%AE%BE/

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:PrefixIndex/User:செல்வா/

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikisource_Tamil
The closing committee member provided the following comment:


Sivakumar (N), Trengarasu (N), kanags (N), Mayooranathan (N), சக்திவேல் நிரோஜன்(N), செல்வா (N), Sundar (N),Karthik (N),Karthik sripal J (N)
Tamil is a divine language which is the origin of many dravidian languages of South India. Tamil Population is everywhere holding high position in developing the technology and scientific research. Tamil literature is Dramatic, Poetic, Literic and Scientific in Nature. Including the Tamil language will add taste to Wikimedia. And the Tamil speakers and learners will surely benefit from it. I Strongly Propose the introduction of Wikimedia in Tamil Language. Johnson Paulraj from SUDAN
கல்தோன்றி மண்தோன்றாக் காலத்தே முன்தோன்றிய மூத்த மொழி எம்மொழி
== கல்தோன்ற முன், மண்தோன்றமுன், காற்றில் இருந்தா கதையளந்தான் தமிழன் என்கின்ற கேள்விகளை எவரும் கேட்பதில்லை. அது தொன்மையைப்பற்றிபேச எழுந்த எடுப்பு என்று சொல்லப்பட்டாலும் மொழி பற்றிய ஆய்தல், அல்லது அதற்கு எப்படி புதிய பரிமாணங்களைக் கொடுப்பது, அழியாமல் காப்பது என்பவற்றை ஆய முற்படுபவர்கள் எம்மிடையே மிக மிகக் குறைவு. போகிறபக்கம் போவோரும், சாய்கிறபக்கம் சாய்வோருமாக தமிழன் தானேயழிந்து தலைசாய்கின்றான். தன்னலம்,சுயமிழத்தல்,சுயபுராணம் பாடுதல் என்பன தமிழரிடம் இருந்த நல்ல அரிய குணங்களை தட்டிதீர்த்துவிட்டுப் போகிறது. எல்லாவற்றையும் கண்டும், எதையும் கண்டுகொள்ளாதவர்களாக நாம் நடித்துக் கொண்டிருகின்றோம் என்பதே மிக மன வேதனை. புதிய பரிமாணத்துடன் தமிழ் உலக அரங்கில் பவனிவர நிச்சயம் விக்கிபீடியாவின் பணி அவசியம் என்று கருதுகின்றேன். அதற்காகப் புலமை சார் வல்லுனர்கள் விக்கிபீடியாவில் தமிழைக்கொண்டுவந்து சேர்க்கவேண்டுமென்பதே என்போன்றோரின் அவா.
கவிஞர் மா.சித்திவினாயகம் http//:akathiyin.blogspot.com''' ==
Thanks for wikimedia and developers who helped in creating Tamil wikisource.--Ravidreams 11:10, 10 May 2007 (UTC)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikisource_Tamil
The following pages link to Requests for new languages/Wikisource Tamil:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Language_committee/Archives/2007-04


This discussion spans multiple months and is archived to "Kabyle Wikipedia and localization" (March 2007).
Hello,
I just read through the second request for Montenegrin Wikipedia, and I propose it be rejected (again) for the following reasons.

I agree with rejecting. It is clear enough this proposal is only about policy and nationalism; also, we shouldn't accept a language just because they try again and again... In this case, stubbornness isn't the key to success.
Hello,
I implemented the decision after more than a day with no opposition. Timichal accidentally sent the following response only to me.

On 4/5/07, Timichal <timichal@timichal.net> wrote: > I agree with rejecting. It is clear enough this proposal is only about > policy and nationalism; also, we shouldn't accept a language just > because they try again and again... In this case, stubbornness isn't the > key to success.
The request for a Sindhi Wikibooks was rejected.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the Wikibooks Sindhi request. This proposal was conditionally approved just over a month ago. Since that time, the test project has still not been created and there has been no response to comments on the request page. It does not have sufficient interested users to conform to the requisites for conditional approval.
I'll reject it if there's no comment after more than 24 hours; if you need more time to formulate opposition, please say so.
Hello,
I implemented the decision.
The second request for a Phoenician Wikipedia was rejected.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the second Wikipedia Phoenician request, opened in early December 2006. There is only one interested user, the test project only has one page (the main page), and the language is completely extinct (not used ceremoniously as with Latin or some other ancient languages). It is poorly documented, with only small text fragments surviving today to give us an idea of the structure, so the language used would be mostly invented by the contributors.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello GerardM,
I'm not sure what you mean by '+1'; "+1 support", "+1 oppose", "wait +1 day", or something else?
I agree with the rejection.
Btw. Happy Easter to all of you :-)
Thanks, and happy Easter to you. :)
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
I've implemented the rejection.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
I realize that some users may not have enough time to formulate objections within 24 hours, which is why I invite anyone to say "Wait!" if they object and need more time. I hadn't considered that anyone wouldn't have access to the email at all within that time, though.
There's no problem using your home address as well. Recent archives do not include the email address, as you can see in the latest archive: <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special_projects_subcommittees/Languages/Archives/2007-04>.
Hello Karen,
On that note, do you agree to publicly archive your messages to the subcommittee? I don't think you responded in the original discussions about archival. Your messages are currently replaced with a placeholder (for example, search 'Karen' on <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special_projects_subcommittees/Languages/Archives/2007-04>).
Hoi!
Yes, reject. Sorry, I’ve had problems with my connection on changing to a broadband, I’m just back to the internet after a week or so. I have… 1289 emails in my box, so bear with me while I try to understand what’s spam and what’s real mail.
Hello,
This request has already been rejected; I forgot to mention it here. :)
The second request for a Karakalpak Wikipedia was rejected.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the second Wikipedia Karakalpak request, opened in late December 2006. There is only one interested user and no discussion on the request page. The test project has 15 pages: seven one-sentence stubs, three articles that are almost one-sentence stubs, one main page (containing spam), one redirect, one test, one table of data, and one spam page. There were three edits to the test project in the last month, of which two were spam.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Same here: I agree with the rejection.
Hello,
I've implemented the rejection.
The request for a Ben Gali Wikisource was rejected.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the Wikisource Ben Gali request, opened in late December 2006. There is only one interested user, very little discussion on the request page, and no test project. All Wikisource content with no subdomain is permanently accepted on the multilingual Wikisource until they are moved elsewhere.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
The proposal has been rejected.
This discussion (split from "Kabyle Wikipedia and localization" (March–April 2007)) concerned whether the subcommittee had the authority to approve requests without gaining the explicit approval of the Board of trustees for each request. The board executive secretary confirmed authorization to do so, so long as the board was given four-day notification in case of objections.
Hello,
I propose the approval of the Kabyle Wikipedia. The community has currently localized 75% of the interface, or nearly 100% excluding files marked as unnecessary and the administrator interface (which will be translated by the upcoming Kabyle Wiktionary community). It is currently conditionally approved.
I'm discussing with Nikerabbit and the Kabyle community to work out the last few details before the translations are committed.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello Erik,
The language subcommittee recommends the creation of a Kabyle Wikipedia. This language is well-established, has a very wide audience, a large interested community, a unanimous discussion on Meta, a successful test project, a nearly complete Kabyle interface, and a standard code. Further information can be found on the request page, its discussion page, and the subcommittee archives (see links below).
If the board approves the creation, we would appreciate it if you would point the developers to the summary request, or notify us so we can work with the developers directly.
Thanks.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
The language subcommittee is currently chartered as an advisory body, though giving it the authority to officially approve a project (as GerardM suggests it already has) would definitely streamline the process.
Erik, can you clarify whether the board prefers to explicitly consider every subcommittee-approved project itself?
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
Thank you; I've adjusted the subcommittee scope appropriately.
This discussion about the request for a Wikiversity Swedish led to its rejection.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the Wikiversity Swedish request. Since its opening in early November 2006, no interested community, discussion, arguments, or test project have developed.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
Well for now we don't have any policy for Wikiversity. I suppose Swedish sooner or later can get to the stage that they can create a functioning Project. I would therefore tell them to create their project on the incubator and there they can grow their community up to X (to be defined) active members. They can even stay for quite a long time adding their material there.
Another possibility would be the proposal for a multiligual Wikiversity community at a certain stage. I suppose many less resourced language entity would also make use of that. That is a kind of a separate incubator where projects can work well.
Wikiversity is one of those topics we need to talk about and create policies for.
So: no general rejection I would say, but leading them to where they can work and grow community.
Hello,
I think this should be rejected. [[Requests for new languages]] is not the incubator; it is the place to request a new language subdomain. Although it is fine to take a few months to meet the requirements, it is not the place for long-term development (which is what the incubator is for). This is particularly true for requests showing no development whatsoever over five months.
We can, of course, point them to the incubator and invite them to make a new request in the future. Rejecting the current request simply means that they're not ready for a wiki yet. The vast majority of rejections are simply caused by insufficient community, not the inadequacy of the language. Virtually *every* language deserves a project, but there's no reason to have a permanent open request for these until a community is ready to create them.
I see a distinction between developing a community, and requesting the new wiki. The Language proposal policy is only applicable to making a request, not community development, so I don't see any need to expand it with Wikiversity-specific information. This type of information should be covered separately, maybe in documentation like "Project community development" on the incubator.
> > We can, of course, point them to the incubator and invite them to make > a new request in the future.
That is what I meant to do.
> Rejecting the current request simply > means that they're not ready for a wiki yet. The vast majority of > rejections are simply caused by insufficient community, not the > inadequacy of the language. Virtually *every* language deserves a > project, but there's no reason to have a permanent open request for > these until a community is ready to create them.
Well: they need a place where to grow community and where to take interested people to so that these can show how serious they are about contributing ... that is why all the rejected (but as languages valid potential projects) can start their community work there. Otherwise the Incubator would not make sense. So if anybody wants to work on contents in his language all alone without other supporters: they may well do it on the incubator and invite others to join them. I don't see this as problematic since some pages more or less on the incubator in a specific language don't hurt anybody and can help a language to grow the community.
Once Multilingual Mediawiki is out we will probably have to reconsider some points in the policy
> > I see a distinction between developing a community, and requesting the > new wiki. The Language proposal policy is only applicable to making a > request, not community development, so I don't see any need to expand > it with Wikiversity-specific information.
Well: This eventually needs some talk as well. Not all projects can be treated in the same way. The way communities are developed is different. As for Wiktionary, for example, for Neapolitan we decided to work or on it.wiktionary by adding terminology there or on omegawiki.org (even if it is not a WMF project, but we consider it as a sister project). The reason is simple: less hassles for our less ressourced language and better availability in future when we need to create spell checkers, Apertium terminology files etc.
> This type of information > should be covered separately, maybe in documentation like "Project > community development" on the incubator.
Hmmm ... like I said: we will need to talk about it soooner or later.
Hello,
Your last email seems to agree with me regarding development; I don't understand your objection. They can develop a community on the incubator at any time, with or without an open request. Rejecting the request simply means that they are not ready for a wiki at this time; it does not imply that the language is unsuitable or unwanted, or that we will not approve a future request when they *are* ready.
If you look at current rejected requests (see links below), you'll notice that each one has a comment attached addressed to the individual community. In the one linked below, I invite anyone interested to open a new request in the future once they have gathered a community. This invitation could be expanded to explain how to coordinate development on the incubator and emphasize that they can open a new request whenever they are more ready.
The policy does not need to be customized for individual projects; it is written to be as general as possible, giving much leeway for individual considerations. The only change that would be necessary would be to *generalize* where to develop it, since some projects (or even individual wikis) have more suitable places than the incubator. There's no need to explicitly codify where to develop the wiki, since that is up to the community to decide. Thus, documentation and recommendations are preferable to binding policy.
Hello,
Do you still object? I have not received a response to yesterday's email.
I did not object, I just wanted to point out that they should start to work on incubator. So they can grow their community. It does not make sense to create the project now.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
I've rejected the proposal.
The request for a Wikipedia European Portuguese was rejected.
Hi
I propose the rejection of the European Portuguese Wikipedia. It was requested because a user was not happy with the policies of the ordinary Portuguese Wikipedia, and has only that one supporter. And of course there's the linguistic fact that European and Brazilian Portuguese are just two variants of one language, as we all know.
I'll impl the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. I don't assume there will be any objections, but if you have any, voice them quickly. =)
Hello,
I agree.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Agree ...
Hello,
For the record, this request was rejected.
This was a request for archival permission addressed to three users. Steve Slevinski and Valerie Sutton accepted; one refused.
Hello,
I am the archiver for the Wikimedia language subcommittee. Discussion with the subcommittee is regularly copied to a public archive for transparency (see link below). Since you have not agreed to archival, your messages are currently replaced with the message "<this user has not agreed to public archival>".
Even if you agree to archival, you can mark any email or comment as private and the message will be replaced by an appropriate note to that effect. The archives can be edited at any time to remove a message you forgot to mark as private.
Could you tell me whether or not you agree to archival?
Hello Jesse!
Yes, of course!
You have my full permission to archive and fully use my message. I do agree to archival of my message.
Please forgive my inability to fully understand how to post a message on your site!
But it was fun and from now on I will try to remember this archival permission...
I want people to be able to read what I said publicly...
Can you mark it for me, or do I have to return to the site to do this...?
Hello Valerie,
There's no need to do anything else. I will archive all messages you send to the subcommittee, unless you mention in the message that it is private.
Thanks. :)
Sure, go ahead and archive anything I write. Do I need to do anything special?
Hello,
You don't need to do anything special. I'll archive all messages you send to the subcommittee, unless you mention in the message that it is private.
Thanks. :)
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
The only information archived is the name in your email headers, the date, and the message. The email address is not archived, and all addresses are carefully removed from the message text. You can mark a message as private in any way that is obvious; for example, simply writing "This message is private" or "Please don't archive this message". All previous messages by you are currently unarchived.
Further, archival is done manually and individual considerations can be taken into account. As you can see, I don't think archival endangers your privacy in any way.
Of course, you have no obligation to accept archival if you still prefer not to.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
Okay. :)
This discussion about the request for an American Sign Language Wikipedia led to a consensus to conditionally approve such a wiki once it was technically possible in MediaWiki. The most likely solution proposed was the integration of existing "SignPuddle" technology for editing and displaying SignWriting online into MediaWiki. Valerie Sutton, developer of the SignWriting most likely to be used in such a project, suggested seeking a joint grant to fund development; the matter was forwarded to the internal wiki.
Hi!
I propose the conditional approval of a Wikipedia in American Sign Language. Because of the special circumstances of this language, it being the first sign language Wikipedia, and having to have some technical work for the writing system, SignWriting, to be able to work, the test project should be set up at the SignPuddle [1] website, like Valerie Sutton already proposed. When the technical issues are handled, and if the requirements of participation are fulfilled, it can get its own Wikipedia, on the domain ase.wikipedia.org (ase is ASL's ISO 639-3 code). Also, sgn-us.wikipedia.org should then probably be a redirect there, as that is its ISO 639-2 code. (asl.wikipedia.org, however, should not be a redirect, as that is the ISO 639-3 code of Asimilu, a language of Indonesia).
[1] http://www.signbank.org/signpuddle/
I'm also CC'ing this mail to Valerie Sutton.
Hello Jon and Everyone! Thank you for this message and for this positive response. We are happy to work with Wikimedia...
I am writing to ask if we can include SignPuddle Developer Steve Slevinski in this email discussion?...
Steve Slevinski <email address censored>
Steve is the software designer and programmer of our SignPuddle software and works with our non-profit. Without him, we cannot function, and it is Steve who will be doing any extra programming needed later, to make SignPuddle fit with the Wikipedia environment. Plus Steve and I work as a team to give technical support to the SignPuddle Online Community, so he needs to be included in the discussions...
Do I have your permission to share this email with Steve right now?
Look forward to hearing from you!
And thanks for your support of a Wikipedia in American Sign Language...I think this will slowly develop to be something historic...Most people do not realize that signed languages are becoming written languages now, so a Wikipedia in written ASL will educate the world that the language can we written, besides providing information...
Hoi!
Okay for me, I'm very interested in this project.
I see no problems with Steve being included here; feel free to add him, he seems like an invaluable resource, much like our Brion.
About the historic part, have you seen the post I made on the bottom of the request (media coverage...)? A Wikipedia in ASL might become historic quite fast. ;-)
Hi, I added Steve to the discussion.
I am just talking with Gerard about it :-) and he came up with a really funny idea: why not make the characters used in sign language part of UTF-8?
Probably it would make sense to talk to Michael Everson (in Ireland) about this.
How many distinct signs are there?
btw. I am writing while we are talking.
And of course: I am all for it.
Hello,
I completely support conditional approval; this is a very promising project.
Hi Sabine,
Thanks for including me.
There are symbols and then there are signs. A symbol is a base unit in SignWriting. It can relate to handshapes, contact, direction, facial expression and more.
There are over 25 thousand symbols in the International Movement Writing Alphabet (IMWA). Each symbol has a unique ID that relates to a 6 part number system. (xx-xx-xx-xxx-xx-xx) Some symbols (especially handshapes) are repeated with 8 rotations and mirrors for a total of 16 symbols based one a single base. However, the unique ID is important for sorting, searching, and special commands.
Each sign is made up of multiple symbols arranged in 2 dimensional space. I have been using something I call the build format for representing signs. It is a repeating comma delimited string made up of ID numbers with x & y coordinates, with optional color codes.
There are an infinite number of possible signs.
The current writing style is vertical, signs stacked in columns, so that right and left are easily apparent. Spacing and lanes are also used. It is an elegant writing system that is both simple and complex with multiple layers.
I think that Unicode might be a good idea some day, but it would not help right now. We are currently using PNG images for each symbol. We need to move to SVG. A big job.
Space has already been approved for SignWriting in Unicode, but only 256 spaces I believe. To be implemented properly, the IMWA would need it's own layer. (Is that the right term?) I think this would be justified because SignWriting is not limited to ASL, but can be used for any sign language that exists. We currently have 40 dictionaries with some having more than 5,000 entries.
SignWriting has been used for over 30 years. We are making major progress and our current experience, knowledge and software are working very nicely together. The latest software was just released last month but has already been a great success. We are currently using a drag and drop system for writing, but there is also a typing system that was implemented in the past that was very effective once learned.
I'm available to discuss technical issues.
Hi All - Thank you for including Steve - I just sent Steve a copy of the communication prior to his name being added...
Regarding Michael Everson. Michael and I worked together on developing the iso639/sign-language codes years ago. The code sgn-us, for example, exists because of a combined effort we made together:
http://www.evertype.com/standards/iso639/sign-language.html
So please send Michael my regards - We will be happy to work with you in any way...
And yes, Unicode for SignWriting has been discussed for a long time, with both Michael Everson, Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL), and others, and it can be done, but it will take funding and several years to really complete the job. That is why we are so grateful for SignPuddle right now...because it is working without Unicode, but could be developed to use Unicode someday with funding...
Here is a web page mentioning Unicode and SignWriting:
Bringing Recognition to the World's Signed Languages http://www.signwriting.org/forums/software/unicode/
You asked how many distinct signs are there? In our terminology, symbols and signs are two different things...
Sign-Symbol....equivalent to a letter in the Roman alphabet, like a or b or c....but instead a Sign-Symbol writes the movements of the body while signing
Sign-Symbols are alphabetic characters in the SignWriting Alphabet...
So I believe you are asking how many Symbols do we have in the SignWriting Alphabet?
Answer: A lot, but we can put them into Unicode. It is systematically organized. This has already been discussed and there is no problem...it will just take time...The entire system for recording all body movement has around 30,000 symbols...but Sign Languages do not use all those symbols...it is a complex answer...I am sorry..
Signs on the other hand, are equivalent to Words in a spoken language...
In SignWriting, signs are written with symbols!
American Sign Language alone probably has a vocabulary of at least 50,000 signs...I believe SignWriting and SignPuddle will show that in time because of the software allowing people to add signs so quickly on the web...
The important point...Deaf children age 5 learn to read SignWriting faster than hearing children learn to read spoken languages...so all those symbols are not a problem for the user...only for Unicode developers!
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
On Apr 12, 2007, at 10:28 AM, Jon Harald Søby wrote: > About the historic part, have you seen the post I made on the bottom > of the request (media coverage...)? A Wikipedia in ASL might become > historic quite fast. ;-)
Hello Jon and Everyone! Thank you for pointing this out to me...I just read it. Important that I saw that!
Yes...of course this is historic no doubt...
And thank you for this opportunity too...
As far as using SignPuddle for a test ground, I think it is wise, because in the Sign Language world, we are well-known, and people need to start somewhere.
SignPuddle software is Wiki based too, although of course there would have to be development to become a part of your organization's sites ...that is why I suggested writing grants together....because that will take time..
Meanwhile, on our wonderful SignPuddle 1.5 site, this morning new written-ASL literature in SignWriting was just added by several people on their own...from around the world...posting the documents themselves on the web, in an online community of signwriters...so we have a test area for us to use immediately with no funding required...
We have no desire to use any of your trademarks...it will be up to you to tell us what to name the special SignPuddle Online Community we create for you...
By the way, Jon, I am sure you know that SignWriting started in Denmark. I lived there and SignWriting started in the Danish School System back in 1982...lots has changed there now, but it is still used for training interpreters and for research etc...so yes, I even speak Danish as my second language (lousy at writing it though ;-)
And SignWriting is used in Norway, and we even have a SignPuddle in Norwegian ;-)
Nothing to do with the ASL Wikipedia however!
Hoi GerardM,
SignWriting symbols are not part of UTF-8. The IMWA would need it's own Unicode layer.
The current writing system uses PNGs with a drag and drop interface and relies on Javascript. We need to convert the current symbols to SVG. Unicode would be cool, but I'm not sure what it brings to the party. The current 6 part symbol ID numbers are needed, so we would need a bidirectional conversion between Unicode ID and SSS ID.
There are 2 ways to integrate SignWriting into MediaWiki: display and editor.
Displaying SignWriting in MediaWiki is relatively easy. We can either use a custom XML, or column images. Last year I made a custom add-on for MediaWiki that accepted XML and displayed SignWriting. I don't have the code anymore but it wasn't hard to create. Since then, I've improved my display technique which would make it a bit more involved. This would be a quick solution, but not in the spirit of easy editing.
Recreating an editor in MediaWiki is a lot more involved and would require Javascript to implement properly. The initial editor would be drag and drop. Future editors should also reimplement the typing system. Both systems have their place.
And then there's the searching and sorting... This is a big job.
Once implemented, supporting additional sign languages would be trivial. And with additional development, we could add support for the entire MovementWriting system that includes dance, skateboarding, sports and all human movement. SignWriting is a subset of MovementWriting.
As an organization, we are committed to bringing literacy to sign languages. We would be happy to work with the Wikimedia Foundation.
Hoi!
Just to be clear on what things mean: based on this approach an ASL text is a series of IMG tags, right?
I'm asking this because if it's so then the UTF-8 steps and the writing of an ASL interface could be a parallel process, since we would maintain a 1-1 correspondence between a single SVG hieroglyph and a future UTF-8 char.
It could give you flexibility, because you'd start to accumulate ASL text you can later experiment upon with a converter.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Currently, an ASL text is a series of IMG tags. Each image is a column of multiple signs. There are spacing issues between signs and punctuation. There are issues of centering signs in multiple lanes within a column. Our current implementation properly spaces and centers signs when creating the images for a column of sign text. The columns are displayed horizontally, so reading is from top to bottom within a column and then from left to right between columns.
The ASL text is saved as an XML file (SWML-S) for later editing.
Hoi again,
So if I get you right you have a javascript interface that loads the text proper.
I suppose we have a couple for questions for our developers:
Plus you should probably tell us a bit about the way in which you make the spacing tricks. Is it a table, a DIV or what? Honestly, what mostly worries me is that if some of the formatting is in the way you code your XML tags… making a converter may be not so trivial a business.
Shouldn’t we invite NikeRabbit to this desk? After all this is mostly going to be a load of developers’ problem, probably it’s better if they start to define what can cost how many man/days to whom.
I am using PHP to create the images from the XML. The javascript is used with the editor to create the XML.
In the past, I was using a table for spacing individual signs, but that didn't work properly. All of the spacing issues are handled when PHP creates an entire column of sign text as a single image. This could be handled on the fly by Javascipt with DIVs.
I don't see any reason why this couldn't be an extension for Mediawiki.
UI is a bit tricky. Currently, SignPuddle is multilingual and supports any spoken or signed language.
Oh… so you build complex images that include spacing? Then I’m afraid my idea about “converting later” will be quite complicated to implement. I suppose this is a one-way only transformation, right? That is, you cannot rebuild the initial XML by looking at the final image. Or not?
>> Oh… so you build complex images that include spacing?
Yes. I build complex images from XML.
>>I suppose this is a one-way only transformation, right?
Yes. I can not build the XML from the image. However, I store the XML for editing and image recreation. The XML is simple and we can create any kind of converter that we want to play around with SVG or Unicode.
Here is an example from "The Cat in the Hat" http://signbank.org/SignPuddle1.5/canvas.php?ui=1&sgn=5&sid=28
You can see the XML: http://signbank.org/SignPuddle1.5/data/sgn/5/28.swml
That may sound stange to you, but those few of you who know tmx and tbx standard might understand:
I could imagine to see that xml in a translation memory or a tbx bilingual file for single words (well terminology).
having
<tu> <tuv xml:lang="EN"> <seg>Whatever you want to see here.</seg> </tuv> <tuv xml:lang="EN-SIGN"> <seg>    <sign lane="0">      <gloss>sign-14</gloss>      <symbol x="103" y="52">03-01-001-01-01-05</symbol>      <symbol x="64" y="115">08-01-001-01-01-03</symbol>      <symbol x="103" y="52">03-06-001-01-01-04</symbol>      <symbol x="71" y="90">01-05-014-01-04-16</symbol>      <symbol x="79" y="117">02-03-001-01-02-05</symbol>      <symbol x="103" y="41">04-03-001-01-01-04</symbol>    </sign> </seg> </tuv> </tu>
Well this is not an exact sample ... in the first segmento with xml:lang EN of course you need the corresponding of what is following ... and the example here is TMX - TBX is very similar ...
Just imagining what would happen if we could get the "assemble from portions" option in OmegaT - this would mean that sentences are assembled using parts of existing sentences in a separate xml (mostly TBX) file ...
Sorry, but I look at such structures always from a translator's pov.
How much text could be converted in that way ??? hmmmm ....
(sorry for throwing this idea in ... don't know for what it can be good ... it is just that I cannot avoid doing it)
On Apr 12, 2007, at 11:23 AM, Gerard Meijssen wrote: <this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello Everyone and Gerard - Thank you for mentioning this...I will be happy to prepare a presentation for Wikimania 2008, in collaboration with other GebärdenSchrift (SignWriting) users in Germany...
The German SignPuddle for writing German Sign Language (DGS) is an active one. Stefan Woehrmann, a teacher of Deaf children at the Osnabruck School for the Deaf in Osnabruck, uses SignWriting in his classroom. Stefan has written a textbook on SignWriting in German. I am translating it from German to English right now. There was a half- hour show on German national television about his work several years ago...So DGS is being written in Germany, but by a small group of people, and mostly educators and Deaf students I believe. I am not sure how many Deaf adults in Germany realize yet, that their language can be written, but it is just a matter of time....obviously a presentation on Wikimania 2008 would help inform people ...so tell us what we need to do to make that happen...
GebärdenSchrift http://www.gebaerdenschrift.de/ http://www.signwriting.org/germany/germany.html
German Sign Language and American Sign Language are two separate languages, as you know, so that would require a separate Wikipedia someday I assume...
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
But isn't ISO 639-3 official by now? So it should be ase-Sgnw, not sgn-Sgnw-US. Or isn't ISO 639-3 cmopatible with XML tags yet? (I'm not very much into the technicalities here...)
On 4/12/07, Valerie Sutton wrote: > As far as using SignPuddle for a test ground, I think it is wise, > because in the Sign Language world, we are well-known, and people > need to start somewhere.
Aye. But make sure that it is stated clearly that contributions that are to be part of Wikipedia must be under the GNU Free Documentation License, as material will not be compatible with Wikipedia if it isn't.
> SignPuddle software is Wiki based too, although of course there would > have to be development to become a part of your organization's > sites ...that is why I suggested writing grants together....because > that will take time.. > > Meanwhile, on our wonderful SignPuddle 1.5 site, this morning new > written-ASL literature in SignWriting was just added by several > people on their own...from around the world...posting the documents > themselves on the web, in an online community of signwriters...so we > have a test area for us to use immediately with no funding required... > > We have no desire to use any of your trademarks...it will be up to > you to tell us what to name the special SignPuddle Online Community > we create for you...
Yup, but I think it will gather more attention from mainstream media if it is a Wikipedia project. But I assume what you wrote here is only for the test phase...
> By the way, Jon, I am sure you know that SignWriting started in > Denmark. I lived there and SignWriting started in the Danish School > System back in 1982...lots has changed there now, but it is still > used for training interpreters and for research etc...so yes, I even > speak Danish as my second language (lousy at writing it though ;-)
Nice, I didn't know that. da.wikipedia doesn't have an article on SignWriting yet, though.
> And SignWriting is used in Norway, and we even have a SignPuddle in > Norwegian ;-)
Yeah, I was looking at it earlier. A bit small yet, but I might expand it when I study sign language next year – provided that (a) I don't have to do military service, which I was called in for a few days ago – I might not have to go though, but this is a long story that probably won't interest you – and (b) I get into the school that has sign language. That school has Norway's only professor in sign language, who was appointed in March this year, and has been a Wikipedian since November last year.
(So when the ASL Wikipedia is created and the use of SignWriting on Wikipedia runs smoothly, expect a request for a Norwegian Sign Language Wikipedia. ;-)
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hi Jon,
I haven't yet instituted copy right (left) controls for SignPuddle. I am planning on each puddle being able to set it's own license. I was going to include the Creative Commons licenses. I will also include the GNU FDL.
For the ASL testing ground, we can have a single notice on the front page immediately, or I can have the license update ready within the next week or two. Then the notice will appear on each page.
Well: in any case the code I took was just one I took by chance. I did not consider if the tag was correct or not - it was just what came into mind in that moment and obviously needs to be veryfied. The thougt behind it was just: what could be possible by using an XML structure within an industry standard for translation. Probably sign language was not considered by TMX and TBX and should be for the future - in particular if we need to translate from normal wikipedias into sign language wikipedias.
Hoi!
> However, I store the XML for editing and image recreation
Then it should be okay. I think the ultimate goal should be a UTF-8 version, it would be very bad if we put the ASL community in the position of choosing between losing all they produced OR having an upgrade. If a temporary IMG based version remains upgradeable it’s okay. Having some extra time will also allow for building a larger team that can address the conversion problem.
BTW, I can’t see why the input shouldn’t remain “as is”, with javascript, with just the converter running afterwards, on committing the result to the db.
On 4/13/07, Steve Slevinski wrote: > Hi Jon, > > I haven't yet instituted copy right (left) controls for SignPuddle. I > am planning on each puddle being able to set it's own license. I was > going to include the Creative Commons licenses. I will also include the > GNU FDL. > > For the ASL testing ground, we can have a single notice on the front > page immediately, or I can have the license update ready within the next > week or two. Then the notice will appear on each page. > > Regards, > -Steve
Hi!
SignPuddle can be of any license you want, but content written with it for this specific project will need to be GFDL to be transferable to Wikimedia servers later on.
Hoi!
To avoid problems they could better double license it on both CC and GFDL, because GFDL alone is quite a pain in the backbone from all practical POVs.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hoi!
As a matter of fact it has little meaning to give out an approval when we do not give server space. We either host it or not, and if not we have no right to approve or refuse anything to anyone. What we can do is to start a feasibility evaluation period based on what our developers will tell us once they see the SignPuddle stuff. At this point there is nothing we can approve or refuse. We can only say we would be glad to have it (I would) but there’s no meat for us to cook, yet.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
So okay. There is no doubt we all want this project. Let’s move to practice J
Hello Gerard and everyone -
I enjoyed reading your blog about SignWriting, and thank you for mentioning this to your readers!
I am also personally happy to read what you had to say about the proposed project...I feel we can make this a reality and we are happy to work with you...and on our end, we can provide the programmers who know SignWriting, to work with your programmers...
Do I have your permission to tell our SignWriting List, about your blog? I would like to give them the link to read it...
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Karen and Everyone - Yes, we most definitely use the sgn-us code everyday!
There are many instances, but here are some of the SignPuddle 1.0 dictionaries that all use that code system:
39 SignPuddle Dictionaries http://signbank.org/signpuddle
1. American Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-US
2. Arabic-Nations Sign Languages http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-AE
3. Australian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-AU
4. Brazilian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-BR
5. British Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-GB
6. Catalonian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-ES-ct
7. Colombian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CO
8. Czech Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CZ
9. Danish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-DK
10. Ethiopian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-ET
11. Finnish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-FI
12. Flemish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-BE-nl
13. French Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-FR
14. French-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-fr
15. German Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-DE
16. German-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-de
17. Greek Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-GR
18. International Signs http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-WO
19. Irish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-IE
20. Italian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-IT
21. Italian-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-it
22. Japanese Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-JP
23. Malaysian Sign Languages http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-MY
24. Maltese Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-MT
25. Mexican Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-MX
26. Netherlands Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-NL
27. Nicaraguan Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-NI
28. Nigerian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-NG
30. Norwegian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-NO
31. Philippine Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-PH
32. Polish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-PL
33. Portuguese Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-PT
34. Quebec Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CA-fr
35. Signuno-Esperanto Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-EO
36. Spanish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-ES
37. Swedish Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-SE
38. Taiwan Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-TW
39. French-Belgian Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-BE-fr
They are based on the web page Michael Everson posted with us, and as you can see, we capitalized the US so it was sgn-US...that is the way Michael has it on this web page:
http://www.evertype.com/standards/iso639/sign-language.html
and we used that web page for the basis of the above links for SignPuddle 1.0.
To be honest, I have been sad to realize that people are thinking of changing the codes that we worked so hard on to develop, with Michael Everson. We use those codes everyday and they are a major part of our SignWriting world, and we created the codes the way they are for a reason...
Of course I can see you might need a three-code or whatever, but they are not codes that are logical from the signing and SignWriting world's perspectives...
Of course I am coming from a user's perspective...I know signers and how they feel about their languages...but that is not always practical...whatever you have to do...but I know I will continue to use the codes we are using with SignPuddle online because they work for our sign language users...
Let me explain. First, the sgn came from the use of our first SignWriting processing program which we developed. The program is called SignWriter, developed by Rich Gleaves and our non-profit organization. The first version of SignWriter was for the Apple //e and //c. It came out in 1986, and the files that were created by the program used sgn within their file names. Then we transferred the program to become SignWriter DOS in MS-DOS and the files created with SignWriter DOS had this ending: .sgn
The files were named like this:
Hello.sgn Goldilocks.sgn etc...
A .sgn file was typed (written) Sign Language in SignWriting.
Later, the SignWriter//e, SignWriter DOS, and later SignWriter Java programs became out of date, and were replaced with SignPuddle.
Meanwhile, Michael Everson and I worked together to create the coding for signed languages we borrowed the sgn we all knew from the SignWriter Computer Program, and attached it to the country code or regional code where the signed language came from...some countries have several signed languages as you know...
So no matter what, we will continue to use sgn-US or sgn-us to represent ASL within computer coding for what we are doing...
I am happy to give you feedback on your three-letter codes if you wish -
Hello Gerard - Yes, the sgn code means any sign language in general. It came from our organization's work with SignWriting. I just sent another email on the history...sgn was the name of files written in any sign language, using our SignWriter DOS or Java programs...these were the first files in history to type the movements of signed languages directly with full grammar and no spoken language involved...and the files ended with .sgn
But when we attach a code to the sgn it makes it a specific dialect or signed language. For example, sgn-US means the native signed language of the US. That is ASL.
Since users use the name ASL, to call it ASL would be great. The problem was that Austrian Sign Language was also ASL and that was a confusion...
But ase doesn't make sense either.... What does it stand for?
That was why we went to something more neutral...using a generic sgn combined with a country or region code was a neutral way to get around the name issue ..and the controversy dissipated...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
Hi all - To clarify one last thing about the sgn-US code. It does specifically mean ASL. It means the native signed language of the Deaf people living in the US.
Michael Everson setup a good way to specifically explain how to code the many signed languages within one country. Some countries have multiple signed languages, as you know....
http://www.evertype.com/standards/iso639/sign-language.html
For example, in the US, there is something called Signed English. Signed English is not the same language as ASL. It changes some signs and definitely the grammar of ASL, and some feel it actually isn't even a language, but that is another topic...for right now, regarding how one would encode Signed English versus ASL...here is how. You will find it on Michael Everson's web page at the very bottom of his page.
Signed English in the US: sgn-eng-US Signed English in the UK: sgn-eng-GB Signed English in Ireland: sgn-eng-IE
and these Signed English communication systems are not the same...all three use different signs in English word order...crazy huh? ;-)
but the native signed languages of Deaf people in the US, Great Britain and Ireland are coded this way:
sgn-US: American Sign Language (called ASL by signers themselves) sgn-GB: British Sign Language (called BSL by signers themselves) sgn-IE: Irish Sign Language (called ISL by signers themselves)
When a country has three signed languages, we did it this way, by adding the regional area to the end of the country code...signed languages are greatly influenced by the school systems within one spoken-language area..so sgn-CH-fr is French-Swiss Sign Language because the teachers who taught the Deaf in that area were speaking French! (even though the Deaf people were using French-Swiss signs)...
French-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-fr
German-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-de
Italian-Swiss Sign Language http://signbank.org/signpuddle/sgn-CH-it
By the way, the SIL codes, such as ASE for ASL, are on Michael's page too: http://www.evertype.com/standards/iso639/sign-language.html
I guess this issue of codes will always be an ongoing discussion and thanks for including me!
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello Karen - Thanks for this explanation...it helped me understand it better...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.> Yes, although I thought our way of handling the other signed languages within one country had been nicely solved with Michael's system...it certainly has worked for us...and I am happy we are using them within our SignPuddle Online Community...We easily know the difference between German-Swiss Sign Language and French-Swiss Sign Language even though they are both in Switzerland and different signed languages...and we know the difference between the Plains Indian Sign Language of South Dakota and Martha's Vineyard Sign Language easily, and it is never confused with the code for ASL...
But you are right...I know time marches on...and our methods are old ones!
The real problem is that real ASL users would never think of ase to mean ASL...nor does sgn-US really look like ASL either, although it is more generic...so it is a little more acceptable...
If you want to reach ASL signers, the name of their language is ASL and they do not know these codes very well...they will just click on the link you give them...and if they can read the SignWriting signs there, and see it is ASL, that is all that matters!
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.> Thank you for keeping the sgn...and I am glad to know the tags we are using will also remain valid...thank you for that...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.> Very interesting and informative!
Today we had such an exciting day. People from all over the US and Canada are posting ASL documents written in SignWriting in our SignPuddle Online Community. It is quite exciting to see that complete articles are being added to a library online like this...my jaw just dropped when I saw portions of Sleeping Beauty, posted from someone in Canada, and children's stories posted from a teacher from the Georgia School for the Deaf in Georgia. Before SignPuddle, this would not have been possible. That is why I offered the idea, the other day, that our Online Community might enjoy writing articles for an encyclopedia in ASL and post it online too...but it is best, I think, for right now, to do this on our SignPuddle Online Community. If you all would like to visit SignPuddle, I would be happy to teach you how to read SignWriting and to use SignPuddle yourself. This could be your way of seeing what we can do...a little like a "proof of concept"...
Then I would suggest, if you are interested, we could write a grant together to get funding for the ASL Wikipedia project? Would you all be interested in writing a grant with us? You can read about our proof of non-profit status on this web page:
SignWriting Literature Project http://www.SignWriting.org/literature
For 2007 our project received funding from the Claire Gianinni Fund, but we need funding for 2008, so perhaps we could start writing a grant in collaboration with Wikimedia fairly soon? This would be an honor for us, and I believe we are helping the world too...Do you know of particular foundations you would want to apply to?
I am happy to start the grant writing process immediately if you wish, so I will wait to hear from you...
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hoi!
Yes, you should also understand that our “strict” policy is not directed to any final user in particular. We are aware that nothing is perfect (ISO included) but if we admit even just one exception to the ISO rule then we cannot stop anyone else from requesting more exceptions. To make things even more complicated, most of these exceptions will have political character (people who represent “wannabe political entities” often need their “entity” to gain some form of international recognition, and a having a language issued is a pretty good formal start).
We had a number of such cases in the past and already have wikies that will have to be examined because they are closer to a political pamphlet than to a wiki. It’s absolutely NOT your case, yet pls understand that an exception made for you will be later invoked by endless legions of such “advocates of freedom” who are only willing to get a top-10 trademark for free. This is the reason why we have to be strict on ISO codes.
Whenever a different code has long been in use (as in your case) and using a new one can lead to some initial confusion, I’d suggest you started to produce informational material on the subject. An article on the ASE wiki (with redirs from all possible old code versions) will be a good “hook” to pick up people looking for previous codes. My feeling is that this should also be addressed on en.wiki, as en.wiki is after all one of the main information broadcasters on the planet.
You may also use this to have an increase in traditional media attention. Media are always interested to whatever wikimedia does, so you’ll probably find out that a number of them will be willing to deliver information on this new wiki and on its code. In my experience there is no such a thing as a problem that cannot become a resource J We may help you in issuing a joint declaration for the media, asking them to repeat the information on world-wide basis.
Hello Gerard -
Whatever language-codes Wikimedia has to use is fine with me. And you are right, you have to use what is currently ratified. That is fine of course. When it comes to language codes, I believe you should follow what is ratified. I simply wasn't aware of all the changes that are happening in the world...so thank you for informing me!
And thanks to Karen for asking me...that was good to discuss it.
By the way, Michael's code that we have been using is sgn-US, not asl- US. But that is not important.
The users won't even notice. I never even noticed that there was an en in the url that directed me to the English section of Wikipedia...I just enjoyed the benefits of reading English articles in Wikipedia and just followed the links you gave me...
So signers in the US will most likely not even notice the code you use in the url that takes them to written ASL...they will be happy to find an article written in ASL, and that is all that matters!
Sign languages can be political. The code sgn-US was created to diffuse that political aspect. No one can disagree that there is a majority sign language in the US. Minority languages get an additional code tacked onto the "sgn-US" and the combined code gets longer. This plays havoc with localization and causes problems.
As a programmer, I would prefer that sign languages have a simple code like all of the other languages. "ase" is fine with me; however, there may be problems and rational explanations won't make the problems go away.
Few, if any, will try to reach the asl Wikipedia using sgn-US.wikipedia.org. I don't think a redirect is needed.
Some may try asl.wikipedia.org and wonder why they are not on the ASL Wikipedia.
And then some will be confused when they see that the ASL wikipedia is pointed at ASE. A few may even become upset because of the E at the end and assume it stands for English and then a whole other set of problems will start.
Most will be using links and open the page and ignore the URL.
I agree with Wikimedia should use the latest ISO codes, but don't be surprised if the politics of the situation starts again.
Steve just explained it perfectly for me....thanks Steve!
And all we care about is writing the language, no matter what hearing people call it!
So use the ratified language-code of the day, whatever that may be...
Hello Bèrto! Everything is cool. Use the ratified language code of the day. Most Deaf people will never notice. They just want written ASL, and whatever url takes them to written ASL, that will be fine!
We know it is political. We have been there.
I think what matters now is to move to the next stage, which is writing grants to foundations to ask for funding for this future project.
Do you have any suggestions how we can begin that process? Would Wikimedia want to join us in the grant writing? I would be grateful for that, because as a team we will have more chances to receive the funding....
We have no funding for 2008 so this is important that we discuss this...

Berto 'd Sera wrote: > You may also use this to have an increase in traditional media > attention. Media are always interested to whatever wikimedia does, > so you’ll probably find out that a number of them will be willing > to deliver information on this new wiki and on its code. In my > experience there is no such a thing as a problem that cannot become > a resource J We may help you in issuing a joint declaration for the > media, asking them to repeat the information on world-wide basis.
Absolutely unnecessary! The language code does not matter to me..
We have to get funding first...
If we received funding, and we had a joint grant, for example, perhaps to place SignWriting into Unicode, then that in itself would be a media event...but we are not asking for media attention right now...but if they come to us that is ok too...I am used to being in the media...
<this comment is marked as private.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello Gerard and everyone!
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
No problem about the goof...ha! We all goof, and we knew what you meant!!
The sgn.wikipedia.org concept would be wonderful!! It would solve a lot of the issues we discussed before...
In realize this is not necessarily the decision right now, but just so you know, that idea appeals to me...
 From the Deaf perspective and the SignWriting perspective, sgn and .sgn are both well recognized to mean the generic code for signed languages in general. So that would do very well, without the political implications we were discussing before...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
Thank you, Gerard. As you know, SignWriting is an alphabet in its own right, to write body movement in general...So technically it can write any signed language in the world. It just takes signers knowledgeable in their own language and in SignWriting, to be able to write their languages...So creating a Wikipedia area on the web, that would be the portal or door to the world's Sign Languages, might be another way to go...There could be a choice, when people enter the Sign Language area, as to which Sign Language they want to read and write...and ASL could simply be the first one out of many. I suspect after ASL would come German Sign Language and Norwegian Sign Language and maybe French-Swiss and French-Belgian and Flemish Sign Languages next...those are some of the Sign Languages that are being written actively right now, and there are over 40 Sign Languages that have some SignWriting dictionary or literature in SignWriting, and projects are active in Nicaragua, Ireland and Spain as well...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
No problem. I understand! And there are also people who are against new ideas too, in the Deaf world, just because it is human. They are insecure because this is the first generation of Deaf adults who are faced with learning to read and write their own native languages, and they did not learn SignWriting in school because it didn't exist when they were in school...so we do have people who feel nervous about the idea of writing their own languages and they write to us and tell us what we are doing isn't possible! smile...
For example, we write SignWriting by hand daily, but the other day, a man wrote to me and informed me that it was impossible to write SignWriting by hand, and I had just been reviewing 140 pages of Deaf students writing by hand from Albuquerque, New Mexico! And he was telling me it couldn't be done...when children age 8 and 9 had just done it! But if you see it from his point of view, at age 45 does he feel good about learning something new?...it scared him...
so creating the Wikepedia for the world's signed languages might actually give people a good world perspective on the fact that all signed languages now can be written, and they will learn about themselves and how writing their language is a part of a bigger global picture -
Please excuse my rambling...you just inspired me to tell you that story!
Have a wonderful Saturday everyone!
Hello all - Thank for this message, Bèrto!
See my comments between paragraphs below...
On Apr 14, 2007, at 11:53 AM, Berto 'd Sera wrote: <this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
This would be super... I look forward to it...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.> This is an excellent idea, since all signed languages benefit from access to all symbols in SignWriting. So although it is true that some signed languages do not need all symbols, we are using the entire SignWriting symbolset, called the IMWA (the International Movement Writing Alphabet) in SignPuddle, since every signed language benefits from choosing from the entire SignWriting symbolset...It is best to create Unicode for the entire SignWriting symboset (IMWA) which will give future signed languages the greater flexibility.
I want you to know that discussions on Unicode development have been ongoing for years in the SignWriting world. Michael Everson and I worked on the beginnings of it years ago, and the Summer Institute of Linguistics has also been actively discussing working on Unicode for SignWriting, and work has already been done in France by researchers there. Developing Unicode in SignWriting will require full participation by me, as the inventor of the symbols, and my non- profit organization, because of the skilled Deaf people who work with us, and Steve Slevinski, the developer of SignPuddle, plus probably teams of Unicode experts (smile)...quite a project! But well worth the funding...a worthwhile gift to the world...
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
That we already do everyday and it is growing fast...and Unicode is not necessary for writing signed languages...we are already writing on paper daily in volumes thanks to SignPuddle...and without Unicode. But developing the Unicode for SignWriting would simply broaden reaching more people...and that is great idea!
<this text is quoted from a user who has not agreed to public archival.>
Thank you very much, Bèrto!
Good weekend!
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hi Valerie and all.
Sorry about the delay lately, I have been busy with school (and still should be, as I have an important IT test tomorrow). Anyways, I have written about this situation on the Internal wiki, where the "important folks" will be able to help. However, our grants coördinator quit (without explanation) last week, so writing grants might take longer than it should.
Anyways, the correct people in the Foundation have been informed now, so things should start moving soon.
Hello all! Thank you for this message, Jon...
On Apr 23, 2007, at 9:04 AM, Jon Harald Søby wrote: > Sorry about the delay lately, I have been busy with school (and > still should be, as I have an important IT test tomorrow). Anyways, > I have written about this situation on the Internal wiki, where the > "important folks" will be able to help. However, our grants > coördinator quit (without explanation) last week, so writing grants > might take longer than it should.
Smile...that is ok...I am sure there are ways that we can find funding, without putting stress on anyone...
Just like you, our organization is particularly busy right now too, and our work load is piled high in the next month...
But when the time comes, just knowing that we have your support and interest for the project is what matters...
I will be happy to do the paperwork, and even prepare the applications to different foundations, if we have Wikimedia's full approval of the application...
> Anyways, the correct people in the Foundation have been informed > now, so things should start moving soon.
Many thanks! I look forward to working with them ;-))
Good luck on your IT test tomorrow!
This discussion about the subcommittee wiki led to its deletion, with all pages moved to Meta.
Hello,
I propose the closure and deletion of the language subcommittee wiki. All pages have long since been moved to <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special_projects_subcommittees/Languages>, and since it is public we cannot use it for private discussion as was originally intended.
External links on the top 58 wikis have been corrected; there's no way to correct interwiki links until the prefix is disabled (which will make them show up on the list of redlinks), but this was never publicized and I doubt there are any outside Meta and perhaps en-Wikipedia.
Yup, sounds fine by me; the wiki has not worked as intended, so it is not necessary any more.
Fine for me. It's been pretty useless thus far.
No problem to close it.
Hello,
The dispatch dispatched and the dire deed done, no monument may mind where once a wearied wiki weathered.
LOLOL
Jesse, I'm just getting rid of the mountain of old emails that accumulated while I was offline. I'm sorry you won't be with us anymore, honestly I hope you'll change your mind.
Your voice has been quite "alternative" in the Committee mainstream, and it's always for the better when there are different positions.
Apart from that, it's been nice to work with you, and you have done an impressive amount of work. So thanks for it and if you can't change your mind right now pls remember that you can still change it later ;)
Hello,
Thanks. I'll probably be staying a while until the process is working smoothly. :)
This discussion about the Wikipedia Quiché request led to its rejection.
Hello,
I propose the rejection of the Quiché Wikipedia. Since the request was opened in late January 2007, no native writers have come forth (and only one non-native writer) and no test project was developed.
The only significant argument in favour actually describes a situation we're trying to avoid: empty wikis with no community which become open targets for vandalism, libel, and spam, and must be monitored (with difficulty) by the "Small Wiki Monitoring Team" <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/SWMT>. Users are free to make a new request in the future if they can attract a larger interested community.
I will implement this decision in 24 hours if there are no objections. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
Oaky for me :)
Agree :-)
And thanks for your work!
Yup, fine by me too.
Hello,
'Tis done.
This discussion led to the conditional approval of Wikipedia Ao (test project), Wikipedia Crimean Tatar 2 (localization), Wikipedia Kinaray-a 2 (test project), Wikipedia Lower Sorbian 2 (localization), and Wikipedia Sakha (localization); the rejection of Wikipedia traditional Greek; and no action on Wikipedia Karelian 2, Wikipedia Palatinate German 2, Wikipedia Extremaduran, and Wikipedia Insubric.
I've gone through the list of new language requests now, and propose the conditional approval of the following languages. If there is a need to discuss some of them further, please start new threads for those ones (or else this thread will be a mess).
About these, I am not so sure.
(This, of course, provided that the conditional approval system works. My view of conditional approval is that we say "yes, we will approve your project if you prove that it is viable", that is what it is intended as, yeah?)
I oppose insubric. My position has already been published in a dedicated list for cisalpin languages. As it is the insubric linguistic entity is half of the LMO wiki. They have no code but they already have a wiki they can work in (LMO). I’d like to have more data about Karelian. Is it Veps or what ?
Hello,
Following is more information on the requests listed above (except Extremaduran and Insubric) and my own opinions.
==Wikipedia traditional Greek== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Traditional_Greek> I propose this request be rejected.
"Traditional Greek" covers a number of versions, including Ancient (c. 500–300 BCE), Koine (c. 300BCE–300CE), and Medieval Greek (c. 300–1453). These variants differ significantly, so there is the possibility of much conflict (which variant should a particular article be written in? Can multiple variants be used in the same article?). Wikis have been split apart for less significant differences, such as the Norwegian wikis.
One editor has also expressed concerns that this will draw editors away from the already underpopulated Greek Wikipedia, which already contains traditional Greek as part of normal Greek speech and writing.
There is only one interested editor and no test project.
==Wikipedia Ao== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Ao> I propose this request be conditionally approved. The language is suitable, and there are four interested users. However, the test project only has three articles since it was created in February 2007.
==Wikipedia Karelian== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Karelian_2> I propose no action be taken on this request, which was only opened two weeks ago.
==Wikipedia Crimean Tatar== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Crimean_Tatar_2> I propose this request be conditionally approved. The language is suitable, and there is a large interested community. The test project has 219 articles (including redirects) and regular activity. However, none of the interface is translated.
==Wikipedia Kinaray-a== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Kinaray-a_2> I propose that we conditionally approve this request. The language is suitable, but the test project is infrequently edited (March 19 and 21, April 16 and 17), the editing community too small, and none of the interface is localized.
==Wikipedia Lower Sorbian== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Lower_Sorbian_2> I propose that we conditionally approve this request. The language is suitable, there are six interested users, and an active test project with 284 pages. However, none of the interface is localized.
==Wikipedia Palatinate German== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Palatinate_German_2> I propose we look at this request later, since it is more controversial.
==Wikipedia Sakha== <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Sakha> I propose the conditional approval of this request. The language is suitable, there is a large interested community, and a semi-active test project. However, none of the interface is localized.
Hoi!
> Can multiple variants be used in the same > article?).
It's a complex issue that becomes dominant whenever theirs is no normative version for a language. In PMS we use templates to identify these variations and allow them all. People are welcome to mix them (after all it's the same language and we understand each other anyway, no matter the accent, graphic "accents" included). The last writer overwrites the others, and that's it.
Some pages that are maintained by very small minority groups are "protected", i.e., they bear a template saying that they should be fully in the local version. Thus we have a way for us to collect full texts in very rare variants AND a place in which minorities do not feel compressed by the dominating "turinese" trend.
It's a largely a matter of internal politics. As long as there is one clearly dominant group things are easier, because all you need is warranties for minorities. When it's more equivalent groups (like in LMO) fighting dynamics can get very unpleasant. Secessionists do not necessarily belong in the losing group. The "insubric" group has the majority of content and users in LMO. What we have there is a "trademark war".
Also... based on what happens in Italy I'd say that *SOME* territories that have a former political identity (Naples, Sicily, Piedmont) seem to have less problems than those who have not (Lombardy and Emilia Romagna). Too bad that Ligurian wiki has very little activity (the linguistic entity is almost extinct and my impression is that their current script is way too complex to have hopes to become mainstream) and Venitian wiki is just as fragmented in scripting style as the EML.wiki. As always, the only rule for Italy is a set of exceptions.
IMHO we should not encourage secessions in small projects. It may make sense to have a well categorized version for the Greek wiki. If and when the community is big enough to justify a split we can have a different decision (after all a congruent linguistic environment for people studying different flavors of the Greek Classical Language could be an interesting online resource).
Hoi!
I can assist them with the translation, they should all be Russian speakers so we won't have problems.
Hello,
I will implement the proposed decisions tomorrow night (72 hours after proposal) if there's no opposition. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
Hello,
I've implemented to proposed decisions, namely:
There is currently no Sakha and Lower Sorbian interface messages on BetaWiki; I'll contact Nikerabbit to correct that.
The request for a Algero-moroccan Arabic Wikipedia was rejected.
Hi!
Just for your information, I just closed the request for an Algero-Moroccan Arabic Wikipedia. The reasons for this was the proposer's post of April 17, "Since there is no body interested except me, I give up, i propose to close this request.", and the reasons for his post, e.g. the lack of participants. And thirdly because of the fact that no sources as to whether this actually is one language have been posted. (Ethnologue has Algerian Arabic, Saharan Algerian Arabic, Moroccan Arabic as well as Judeo-Moroccan Arabic. I asked the proposer if any of these matched the request, but the next thing he did was to propose the closure of the request, saying he's not interested any more.
This discussion concerned the creation of langcom-l per earlier discussion.
Hi folks!
We finally have our own mailing list, so that we won't have to copy-paste eachother's email addresses every time. This way we will only have to mail langcom-l@lists.wikimedia.org , and all members will receive the mail. When corresponding with outsiders, however, we will still need to add them in the receiver line, but that shouldn't be a big problem.
Currently I am the only list administrators, but if any of you want to become one, just say so. Ideally all langcom members should be listadmins, but some might not be interested in that (it's only a technical thing), so therefore I'll ask instead.
Archiving is set to private, so that only members can read the archives. That way, we can still keep the manual archives the way we have (only that they'll be a lot easier to maintain), while the members who don't want their posts to be archived publicly, will have their wishes respected.
Please reply to this thread so I can know that you are in and are able to read what's here. Thanks.
Great, thanks!
(test asdf ;) )
Second Try. Ascánder.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Do you mean that you are fine with your posts being archived publicly? You could have that as "default", and if there's something you don't want to be archived, you could say so. =)
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Have you seen this [1] email?
[1] http://lists.wikimedia.org/mailman/private/langcom-l/2007-April/000000.html
"Archiving is set to private, so that only members can read the archives. That way, we can still keep the manual archives the way we have (only that they'll be a lot easier to maintain), while the members who don't want their posts to be archived publicly, will have their wishes respected."
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
The request for a Hakka Wikipedia was conditionally approved.
Hi!
I propose the conditional approval of a Wikipedia in Hakka (ISO 639-3 hak). The request was opened only on April 12, yet it has a lot of interested contributors, and has a quite large base of articles in the Incubator [1]. The project on Incubator has been there for half a year or so, but there is a lot of activity as of late, and I believe this will be a very successful Wikipedia.
The only thing I think they need now, is to localise the interface. I'll contact the user Hakka (he seems to be the most active) tomorrow, and ask if he is willing to/able to do that.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
[1] http://incubator.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Prefixindex/Wp/hak
I'll make that 72 hours, as this list is brand new, and perhaps not everybody will receive the email.
It has now been conditionally approved. I've asked Nikerabbit to add Hakka on Betawiki, and posted a slightly modified version of the message Pathoschild posted on the talk page for the Kabyle Wikipedia proposal on the talk page for the Hakka Wikipedia proposal. If there are no replies there tomorrow evening, I will contact the individual users.
This discussion concerned a series of requests by a single user, which were all rejected.
See also:
Hi!
I propose the rejection of the following proposals for Wikipedias in languages of Ethiopia. They were all filed by one user, Blake C, claiming to be a native speaker of all of them(!). Since the rejects were opened on April 24, there have been no interested users (except this Blake C). I propose that we reject these requests now, and wait until there are any actual contributors that are interested in creating Wikipedias in these languages.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 48 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
ok
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Agreed.
It is done.
Another thing: we also should not forget that something called multilingual mediawiki is being programmed and that this feature is not too far away ... so it could solve quite a bunch of problems.
/me going to bed - have to get up at six.
good night!
I have heard some talk about it before, but don't know what it is. Do you have a link?
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hi, just two things:
when I originally wrote the proposal about how to create new projects the goal was to avoid the request for new languages, all the trouble around it with discussions and voting.
At a certain stage for some reason we started to approve/reject language requests of the "old type" - well that is additional work that does not help us at all. As much as I remember we did not write down any policy that says: before you open a project on incubator you need to ask for getting it. Instead the sense was that people simply do and when they meet certain requirements they get their project without thousands of problems and discussions.
Now why should we give conditional approval? A project can grow even driven by one person quite a lot on incubator ... well so if this person wants to build the project and grow the community by working on his project: he/she can well do that on the incubator.
Please show me where we said: from now on you need to make a request to open a new project on incubator. If we have this - and I did not find it - that needs to be changed, because the "request for new languages" on meta must become superfluous, otherwise we just eliminated one thing to get another one that is even more bureaucratic and time consuming.
I wanted to search all e-mails I have here about this theme ... hopefully I will be able to do this in the evening when I am back.
Hoi!
Can't think of any other good reason to stop people from opening a project in the incubator other than... missing an ISO code. When they don't have one they are going to get rejected anyway, so maybe it's better if we do not have people working like crazy to be later told "oh, sorry, you cannot have a wiki and we knew it from the start".
Apart from that it should be okay. If anyone has a valid ISO code I will always approve an incubator project, so basically this could be automated.
I don't think the conditional approval is meant to _allow_ having a test on incubator. You can still create a test on incubator freely; the conditional approval just encourages the editors to do so.
Quoting from meta:Meta:Language proposal policy#Conditional approval: "The users should begin writing a test project on the Incubator wiki now, _if they haven't already._"
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this message is marked as private.>
Hello,
Conditional approval has nothing to do with editing the Incubator. Users may start a test project at any time before or during a request. They can even start one after their request was rejected, though they would probably be wasting their time, and the Incubator community may just delete it eventually anyway.
Conditional approval is simply an intermediate step between discussion and meeting final requirements. Once discussion has let us reach a decision, conditional approval serves to redirect interested users from the discussion to the relevant requirements. The alternative is months or years of discussion while we futilely wait for someone to notice a subcommittee comment on page fourteen pointing out that "Yes, we'll accept this request when you do this one last thing".
The fact that editors can start a test project at any time is very explicitly pointed out in the policy. I suspect users simply do not want to invest time in a test project until they know their work won't be rejected and archived to the Incubator, awaiting future deletion.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
it is simple: like in the case of Montenegrin their writing in their language on incubator would give proof that it can be merged with Serbian ... so: we reserve the possibility to indicate a project a language should co-operate with when there is such a possibility.
and for other languages: well there are "living languages" that simply don't have an iso 639 code ... so these can work there and in the meantime ask for the code ...
it is just a matter of making this clear in our policy ... maybe it needs some integration in such sense.
sorry for being so short ... have just some mins and don't know if/whenn I will be here tomorrow.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this message is marked as private.>
Hello,
I don't understand the objections here. Do you suggest that we prohibit volunteers from writing without our permission? Allowing them to write on their own initiative *reduces* bureaucracy. The incubator is not under our control, nor should it be; we are not the ultimate authority to whom all must beg permission to edit.
Consider the Montenegrin Wikipedia requests, for example. It was (clearly) rejected in late November 2006, following which the users insisted on creating no less than two test projects. Nonetheless, the second request was rejected again early this month, and the failed test projects confirmed our initial decision.
We very clearly stated that the Montenegrin Wikipedia would not be created. Prohibiting them from editing the Incubator would have made no difference, particularly considering that their test projects weren't even on the Incubator. Further, we are not perfect: we may make a decision, and a future request with new arguments may lead us to make a new decision.
Demanding that users ask permission from us to start a test project ruins initiative, creates needless bureaucracy, and fosters discontent in the wiki community.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
<this message is marked as private.>
Hello,
First, the incubator is not under our control; it is managed by the Incubator administrative community. Therefore, we have no authority (nor should we) to prevent users from creating test projects if the incubator community allows them to.
Second, such a requirement will force the people who made the request into the position of waiting for approval from some high, mysterious tribunal for every step of their volunteer work. That is intimidating, overcomplicated, bureaucratic, and unnecessary, and thus ruins initiative. The more complicated we make the process, the less willing people will be to go through with it.
We should remember that people are requesting a new wiki to create an encyclopedia or other project. The process to get one should be designed to ensure that they succeed in creating a flourishing project (or prevent a failed project), *not* serve our own interests by giving our opposition less straw men to complain about, and *not* to discourage requests by making the process as tortuous as possible.
Third, note that the ISO code is a largely technical requirement. A language without an ISO code can receive one in the future, and a language *with* an ISO code can be rejected.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
If they have a valid case, their "blackmail" will present new arguments for us to reconsider. If they do not have a valid case, their "blackmail" will be rejected again. I don't care what our critics will think; I joined the subcommittee to ensure requests are processed smoothly and fairly, not to win a popularity contest on Foundation-l.
You obviously mistake my arguments. You say that there are already many languages in ISO639, including orthographic variants (which are generally not acceptable). I say that a standard code is a technical requirement that says nothing about whether the language itself is suitable. We seem to be in agreement on that point, at least.
Hoi,
I thought we were here to make sure wmf had a consistent linguistic policy. I now have the impression that we are here to make sure that mailing-list X and private conversation Y will all celebrate us all as "Wikibopper of the Year". I don't rate virtual popularity any better than I rate virtual sex, so let's stick to business. We are LangCom and are supposed to help newcomers.
Now, I wish everyone would remember that:
This is what a newcomer gets by the bloody "Community" as seen from his own immediate perception. If you laugh while reading it means you are this side of the community wall: you're wiki-positive and need urgent treatment. If not it means you're still sane and human.
Now we are supposed to draw a human-readable map and hang it in a VERY visible place for newcomers to use it, so they get infected and can start to laugh about us wikisods, too. Let's be CLEAR: the fucking map is made for everybody BUT the bloody Community. If anyone's already in the Community they do NOT need the map, so they are kindly invited to mind their bloody community business while we write/speak in human-readable form for those poor old buggers like me who still prefer to speak and read human languages and have no damn templates in their funny alpine villages.
Being clear also means that if we know it's "no" we must say "no" and we must say it immediately and crystal clear (with a crystal clear reason, too). It means we do not have a group of people swallow that much "culture" I just listed only to be later told they wasted their time. What do you mean "we might change our minds"?? You mean you'll rape a girl who said "no" because "she might be turned on later"??? You mean you can look at people aiming a gun at me and keep shut about it, to later tell me in the hospital that "after all, they might have missed you"??? You'll better be VERY quick runners if you do that, because next I'll do is sharing the experience of being shot on peer-2-peer basis (my gun-server - your body-client).
Work, time and personal image of the newcomers are their own private property and we cannot use them to pay our community bills. Buy your neighbors a beer with YOUR OWN money if you want good relations within your block. If we feel that the "community" is experiencing "discontent" we can send them flowers and chocolate (but strictly at our OWN cost) or sing them sweet songs, but we cannot use newcomers as Guinea pigs just to keep the wikiwasps happy.
Oh GOD, after such an embarrassing public message I'll never become popular within the Community, now nobody will nominate me to be the head of their Look-How-Clever-We-Freakeepedians-Are Committee... Gosh, I won't even get invited to dinner on Tagsgiving... No I can't stand that; I'll better kill myself before my mom gets to know :))))))))))))))) I think I'll deliberately read "all pages" on meta to kill myself with boredom :)))))
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Huh?
Hello,
> I joined the subcommittee ... not to win a popularity contest on > Foundation-l.
I always did have that impression, too and that's why I did and do personally support your presence here. Nevertheless your phrase "it fosters discontent in the Community" sounded weird.
That's the only thing that worried me in your message. Entering wmf is already unpleasant for a newbie AS IS, without any need to be used as a football for "internal mafia" games.
Many people don't like it, yet in my country we have the tradition to call things their names and making it in front of the people. I'd rather have a public fight than spend my time curtseying to you on scene to later stab your back as soon as you don't see me. Get used to it, because I won't change.
Happy weekend everybody :)
Hoi!
Which part was unclear, exactly? :)
Hello,
By "community" I meant the requesting community that is forced into the described position, not the wider Foundation community that has nothing to do it. That was the point of my whole message, which is why my response to your message is rather similar to Timichal's "huh?". ;)
The situation you described is largely caused by two problems: insufficient documentation and excessive bureaucracy. With the new process, we provide documentation for requests at <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/WM:LPP> and for localization on the relevant talk pages such as <http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Talk:Requests_for_new_languages/Wikipedia_Kabyle#Localization>. This documentation is expanded every time someone asks a good question. If users have trouble finding this documentation, perhaps we should place a notice at the other places they look first.
Excessive bureaucracy is a real danger. I would suggest that anyone who wishes to expand the policy first read <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Practical_process>. In particular, we should consider whether the expansion is actually necessary.
Can we discourage users from wasting their time on doomed test projects without stifling progress on *all* requests, can we do it with something less than an iron fist, and can we avoid demanding users endlessly submit forms HX41-a (request to begin a test project) or HX41-b (requests to edit a test project) or HX48 (request to speak a language of class 7C)?
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
>By "community" I meant the requesting community that is forced into >the described position, not the wider Foundation community that has >nothing to do it.
Happy to hear that. It confirms the general positive impression I have from you :) I think we need to adopt a terminology that will make very clear what we mean, because "community" is hyper-abused web 2.0 marketing lingo and can be totally deceptive (not only for me, I'd say).
One point remains: we must not have people waste their time. If we feel that ISO is not a criterium we must change that, but putting the requesting community in the hand of our arbitrary moods MUST be excluded.
Since nobody seems to have problems in accepting that ISO is the best existing international standard I cannot see why we cannot
This is what I call "no bureaucracy" and "clear messages".
By doing so we can
We have an added problem when we have codes that can be allowed to develop an interface but not a wiki, i.e. we need an intermediate authorization level by which users can only edit the interface (i.e. work on betawiki). The access point should be one for all, from the incubator.
Nobody is asking it, but being unclear or even contradictory in our messages is even worse. Apart from being annoying for requesters bureaucracy is something we simply cannot afford, since we don't pay people to work in it.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hoi!
What’s the problem? 7000+ is something any bot will do. AFAIK 639-6 will be here long after that (and will not alter the existing 639-3 3-letter codes).
I seem to understand that all we need is a list and the will to review it manually (putting a Y/N aside the question “conditionally approved?”). We don’t need to do it in one go, we can simply have some 100 codes a week, in 15 months we will be over, say 14 because in the meantime individual requests will add up to our “work for the future”. It’s always 3-4 of us in active mode, if any of us reviews 5 codes/day we can do it no probs.
Or is there any other source of variability?
Hello,
It's not that simple. Conditional approval is given if "discussion and past experience indicates that the project is a good idea and would prosper". An ISO code does not guarantee success; we must also consider the size and activity of the editing community, whether it can easily be merged into a larger wiki (which depends on the compatibility of the communities as well as the degree of difference), how it will affect other projects, et cetera.
Conditional approval suggests that the project will be approved as soon as a few last requirements are met. It is intended to divert the interested community to those requirements. If we conditionally approve all requests immediately, there's no point to conditional approval in the first place.
Further, the bot creation of 7000+ wikis is not practical. Will we list 7000+ empty tests on the Incubator main page, and how will a bot write a main page in 7000+ languages?
Furthermore, "discussion and past experience" implies that we learn from our mistakes. We can't do that if we do all requests in advance, and you run into the problem you've mentioned before. If we conditionally approve a language by mistake in advance, and someone puts a lot of effort getting it together, do we just say "Oops, typo; sorry, we were doing them in batches. Try again next time!"?
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
The policy states the following regarding ISO codes:
language or a well-established constructed language. The Wikimedia Foundation does not seek to develop new linguistic entities; there must be an extensive body of works in that language. The information that distinguishes this language from another should be sufficient to
Where there is an existing body of works in that language but no standard code, a flourishing test encyclopedia or other significant project may encourage the standards organization to consider it more closely. There is no harm in having test projects in the Incubator for a while waiting for a code, if they are otherwise acceptable.
Again, the Incubator is managed by the Incubator community, which may set its own policy. The Incubator even allows test wikis for completely new projects, not only new language subdomains. We do not have the authority to prohibit editors from contributing to the Incubator; at most, we can discourage them from doing so and let them assume responsibility if they wish to do so anyway.
Hoi!
Obviously. No ISO code = no incubator access AT ALL. This is an automated part that requires no bureaucracy at all, no requests, no faking we are N native speakers, etc. The Committee judges the ISO code (whether it can be a wiki or only an interface) and that’s it. People are not expected to sing sweet songs under our windows to make sure we (or the mobs) are in the right mood. If the policy doesn’t say so, then let’s vote immediately and let’s get rid of the old policy.
No arbitrary space must be allowed on the pre-filter phase. I don’t need people to be on their knees and ask Our Majesties to give them a code, I want them to be able to know whether they are eligible or not without us. Once they are eligible we will help to become also elected (community, localization, learning the idiotic wiki-markup, etc), but that’s another story… Hopefully we will have something better than a wiki for newcomers (like a manual users can comment in PHP style and a normal, maybe not-so-trendy but usable forum, instead of using wikimedia even to cook eggs when it’s obviously unfit for most of these tasks). It’s thousands of open source softwares we can use if we ever learn to admit that wmf is not the whole universe.
Who’s to say that it’s ISO code or die?
> There is no harm in having test projects in the Incubator for > a while waiting for a code, if they are otherwise acceptable.
That's what YOU think. On the opposite it's terrible, because it means you and I become the Lords of the Yes/No. I'm not here to be a feudal power.
Hello,
That is not Incubator policy at the moment. The Incubator main page states:
'...if no code can be found, please use "x-languagename" in English (rather than inventing codes that are not in RFC 4646), or ask an administrator for help.'
If you would like to change this, I suggest you become a member of the Incubator community and push for a stricter policy. However, the language subcommittee does not have the authority to impose policy on the Incubator or override the community.
Hello,
Quite the opposite. If we prohibit editors from contributing on the Incubator, we are unilaterally declaring their language unsuitable and officiously prohibiting them from encouraging online development. If we allow editors to edit the Incubator according to current Incubator policy, we take no stance on the language and simply await a standard code and request.
The subcommittee is tasked with managing requests for new language subdomains, *not* controlling everything everywhere related to language in any way. Therefore, it is prohibiting the free use of the Incubator that makes us "the Lords of the Yes/No".
Sorry, no. I have no time to be a citizen of the Duchy of Feronia, an advisor of the Sheriff of Bolgrovia and also a Respectable Member of the Guild of Borombia. My calendar says the Middle Age is finished long time ago. If the newcomers are less relevant than our internal power games let's say it clear. Maybe the people should better look for more friendly projects than wmf, projects in which people are still more important than our fat "communities".
Hello,
You're right. Why should I bother being an administrator on several projects, a member of the subcommittee, a steward, and an editor elsewhere? We can just have the board tell us what to do. Totalitarian committees work so much better than communities of volunteers working through consensus.
If you disagree with the fundamental principles of the Wikimedia Foundation, that's your own opinion. However, I personally prefer the concept of volunteers working through consensus to top-down decisions by mysterious [[star chamber]]s.
What this has to do with is *preventing* committee power games.
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
C'mon Jesse, you don't expect me this nasty old bastard to shed tears for the heroic wmf green-berets, do you? :)))))))))))
Let's talk business: 1) I say decisions must be taken outside the wmf, by ISO (taking away power from our mafia, this peculiar Committee included). You want the local powers safe and say that a no-compromise renounce to any power is Totalitarism. Okay, noted (not without questions like "what the hell did you smoke tonite?", yet... okay, noted) 2) I say we should get rid of any requests in principle and deliver ready-made points on the incubator for the people to use them without ANY requests to ANYONE. You want the blank 2HJK4 published to the Earls of the Meta, from which (depending on the mood of the streetgangs in somewhere else, provided that we all can always "change our minds later" if we find it politically useful) a project will be allowed or not, and then the newcomers will be allowed to fill request 234thj77 to the Sheriff of the Incubator to receive a blank of the type 66GGT that they are supposed to present to the Baronets of the Committee here... Sorry I'd rather not open a wiki if this was the procedure I had to tolerate as a requester... anyway, such seems to be your idea of "no bureaucracy"... Okay, noted, too.
Now... Try drawing a path with arrows and baloons. A baloon is a center of power (the source for an authorization) and arrows show how requesters move from standing in line here to standing in line there. If you use that you'll never be deluded by empty marketing expressions like Fundamental Principle, Ideal, Community, Democracy or Totalitarism. It's called "diagram" and works pretty well to define processes. Maybe it's not Sacred, but at least it works and it's 100% politically neutral. When you have a small number of balloons and arrows people get a quicker service... yeah... THAT easy.
I find it amazingly ironic that people who allegedly want to deliver the larger encyclopedia on the planet will be so passionate in defending a medieval power structure made of countless petty tyrants and endless contradictory policies, which is the exact opposite of the need for rationality expressed by Enlightment Age, according to ALL sources.
Basing the structure on the figure of the "heroic volunteer" is no better than basing it on that of the "noble knight". It's but a set of small local powers anyway, as far as a traveller is concerned. As soon as we will all stop writing masturbatory articles on "notable wikipedians" and will try and ask ACTUAL USERS what it is like to read a wiki we will understand that part much better.
When your emotions will calm down I'm positive you'll notice that, too. I think you'll find very interesting materials for such comparisons if you look at the structure of the French society before and after the French Revolution. Other interesting material maybe found on studying the decomposition of the Soviet Power into an endless number of conflicting administrative tribes, which marks the opposite vector.
They both have striking similarity to much of what's happening within wmf, and since I'm positive you have electoral plans studying a bit of technical tricks will only do good ;) You can't live on moving rethoric only, you know, sometimes you need strategy, too ;)
Anyway, think about it twice before becoming a candidate. I wouldn't accept a paid post in wmf even if it was the last available job on earth. Too many weirdos (me at the first place) to deal with for such a low wage, IMHO :)))
Happy trails :)
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hello,
Please avoid personal attacks and polemic. I am not a politician and my opinions are my own, not those of some partisan electoral platform. The vocabulary used is accurate; what would you call the requesting community? The "requesting group of cooperating editors"?
Compare:
The current policy is rather simple. You read the policy, meet the requirements, and make a request. (There is no need to apply for anything besides the actual wiki.) Within a month, you're translating the interface (if it's not already translated) and you're done.
Your proposed requirement makes things not so simple. Users must make a request and wait for discussion and a decision. (They may not do anything else while waiting, like working on a test project.) Then they must apply for permission to begin a test project and wait for a decision on that. Then they work a while on that until a third decision is reached. Then they begin translating, and eventually start.
Rather than one or two decisions, we have no less than three different decision procedures, one of which usurps the existing simple method (with no requirements or processes) designed and maintained by those who actually work on the Incubator. Users could no longer save time by, for example, making a test project before a request, and why? So we can avoid criticism and help users who can't understand "no".
All that said, I'm no longer a member of the subcommittee (see the related email), so this last comment is merely advisory. I hope my comments in our many kilobytes of discussions have been helpful overall.
Fare well. :)
Listen... I'll avoid polemics, you please explain who of us is a native English speaker, because I'm starting to have doubts about it.
I already wrote a lengthy message to explain how simple and pleasant it is to deal with us wiki-idiots when you first come here, so how am I to interpret this "simple"? Is it supposed to be ironical or what?
How sweeet :))))))))) the same can be said just of ANY procedure on the planet, including that needed to buy a flight to the Moon. Really, big content you put here. How long it takes to "meet the requirements", what are they and the fact that "we can always change our minds" have kind of magically vanished somewhere... sweet, indeed.
> Your proposed requirement makes things not so simple. Users must make > a request and wait for discussion and a decision.
Now here are my doubts about who's a native speaker in what. In my home land they say that "nobody is more deaf than the one who does not want to hear". So... To make sure I'm not playing tricks, this is the text you are referring to:
=====================
======================
WHERE do you see requests? There's no request AT ALL. And no discussion, there is just us sitting and saying (once and for all) that code ZXX is a wiki and the code for (say) swiss german is but an added interface for de.wiki. OVER. Everything else is a direct access to DIY (do it yourself) for everybody. I even mentioned how long it could take to be done with the job. What requests? What discussion to wait for?
The one and only thing that shall be someday discussed (not by us, hopefully, 'coz I'm already too nauseated by the amount of bloody internal political games met on deciding these simple things for me to venture into anything else) is whether a project has sufficient human structure to be launched or not.
Yet even in that case I will die before accepting that decisions may be made "depending on someone's personal/collective moods towards a certain project/social group". They will need to fix clear general public rules and have them work for all and everyone, so that people KNOW what they are requested to do and do not depend on decoding our political lingo/moods/secret personal networks (mafia, my dear, in the purest form ever).
Now, will you stop playing the pitiful role of the poor offended child and explain where the hell you see discussions and requests?? If you care that much about consensus the minimum I expect from you is to be able to carry on a discussion, no matter how open and direct.
Bèrto ‘d Sèra
A brief reminder about a Multilingual MediaWiki in development, which would resolve problems with some request.
Another thing: we also should not forget that something called multilingual mediawiki is being programmed and that this feature is not too far away ... so it could solve quite a bunch of problems.
/me going to bed - have to get up at six.
good night!
I have heard some talk about it before, but don't know what it is. Do you have a link?
<this user has not agreed to public archival.>
Hi!
I propose the approval of the Tamil Wikisource [1]. It has a lot of interested participators, there are supposedly a lot of texts on the Tamil Wikibooks that are really supposed to be on Wikisource, and also a lot of other texts that are publishable on it. No need for a test project or localization, so I say we should just approve it.
I'll implement the decision if there's no opposition in 24 hours. If you need more time to formulate your objections, please say so.
[1] http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_new_languages/Wikisource_Tamil
ok
Just for procedural purposes, the Tamil Wikisource has now been created. http://ta.wikisource.org/
Pathoschild resigned with this announcement following a three-week advance notice. He joined the subcommittee in November 2006 after drafting a language proposal policy that became the basis of the current policy.
Hello,
In accordance with the advance notice earlier this month (quoted below), I hereby resign from the language subcommittee. The following users may be valuable additions to the language subcommittee, if needed.
Fare well.
On 4/6/07, Jesse Martin (Pathoschild) <pathoschild@gmail.com> wrote: > Hello, > > I will step down from the subcommittee in the near future. There are > various reasons for this, but they essentially boil down to more time > and effort than I can easily allocate. I originally joined the > subcommittee to help smooth the implementation; it has required vastly > more time and effort than I anticipated since, taking over other free > time tasks that I care more deeply about. > > Before publicly resigning, though, I'd like to propose that we take in > some new proactive members. Much of our lack of progress is due to the > inactivity of many of our members, however much they may be justified > in that through time or other constraints. The problem will be > magnified when we begin processing requests at full speed, which will > require regular participation from as many members as possible. > > I propose that we communicate with Bastique (the Volunteer > Coordinator) and Shanel (who has some good ideas for possible members) > to find new members who would be more interested and qualified than I > to deal with language issues on a regular basis. > > Any thoughts? > > Yours cordially, > Jesse Martin (Pathoschild) >


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Language_committee/Archives/2007-04
The following pages link to Language committee/Archives/2007-04:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/ur
یہ ایک مجوزہ اخراجہ ہے : original charter اور ساتھ ہی later amendment بااختیار درخواستوں کی تعمیل کے لیے

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/ar
هذه نسخة مدققة من الميثاق الأصلي مع تعديل لاحق يسمح بقبول الطلبات.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/zh-hans
下面是规章的最初版本和较新的修订版，里面阐述了许可授权的标准。

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/fi
Tämä on oikoluettu versio alkuperäisestä peruskirjasta ja myöhemmästä lisäyksestä, joka valtuuttaa pyyntöjen toteuttamisen.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/el
Αυτή είναι μια δοκιμαστική έκδοση του αρχικού καταστατικού με μια μεταγενέστερη τροποποίηση που εξουσιοδοτεί την έγκριση αιτημάτων.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/es
Esta es una versión revisada del estatuto original con una corrección autorizando aprobación de pedidos.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/ko
이것은 인증 요청을 승인받은 최근의 수정과 함께 원래의 부서의 교정된 판입니다.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/nb
Dette er en korrekturlest versjon av det opprinnelige mandatet med et senere tillegg som autoriserer godkjenning av forespørsler.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Translations:Language_committee/7/mk
Ова е корегирана верзија на изворната повелба со подоцнежна преработка во која се дава овластување за одобрување на молбата.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Talk:Stewards/elections_2007/statements/B%C3%A8rto_%27d_S%C3%A8ra
(This adds more information about my vote on the vote page.)
Berto has demonstrated both impatience and often condescending disrespect in conflicts and discussions. For example, comments #37 and #40 in a language subcommittee discussion have highlights like "what the hell did you smoke tonite?" and accusing me of "playing the pitiful role of the poor offended child". His comments on s:it:user talk:Accurimbono (translation) linked by another user on the voting page are also unacceptable, with translated highlights like "you obviously don't know how to read, which explains everything else" and "OK, no problem, we'll open a pms.wikisource and flush the management of the material, given the incompetence".
I don't think his proficiency in Piedmontese compensates adequately, and any other steward with a machine translator can read many languages without being able to write them. I think he means well, but that's not enough for steward tasks. —{admin} Pathoschild 03:15:59, 29 November 2007 (UTC)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Talk:Stewards/elections_2007/statements/B%C3%A8rto_%27d_S%C3%A8ra
The following pages link to Talk:Stewards/elections 2007/statements/Bèrto 'd Sèra:

--URL: http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Underprosjekter
Dette er en liste på pågående underprosjekter som tar sikte på å standardisere og utbedre informasjonen på et visst område.
Spør deg selv om et underprosjekt er hensiktsmessig for det du ønsker å gjøre!
Et underprosjekt er for å koordinere jobben til flere brukere, og for å la en gruppe relaterte sider få lik struktur og utseende. Men: Et underprosjekt gir en del mer jobb i forbindelse med administrasjon, og det gir bare merverdi om det er flere brukere som er aktivt deltagende.
Som en tommelfingerregel bør du ha minst 5-10 personer involvert før et underprosjekt blir bryet verdt. Hvis du ikke tror du har minst 5-10 personer om bord, så ikke ta bryet med å lage prosjektet – du få antageligvis mer igjen for å bare skrive dine egne artikler.
Hvis du ikke er sikker: Hvis du har et emne du brenner for, men ikke er sikker om noen andre er interesserte, så skriv en kort beskrivelse av underprosjektet på brukersiden din, og kontakt andre brukere du vet holder på med samme eller beslektede emner. Hvis du finner nok brukere som er interessert, så ta gjerne og start opp underprosjektet ditt. I motsatt tilfelle bør du bruke energien din på selve artiklene.
Se også Kategori:Underprosjekter

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_use




Part of our mission is to:
You are free to:
Under the following conditions:
With the understanding that:

Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. – Our Vision Statement
Welcome to Wikimedia! The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. (“we” or “us”), is a nonprofit charitable organization whose mission is to empower and engage people around the world to collect and develop content under a free license or in the public domain, and to disseminate it effectively and globally, free of charge.
To support our vibrant community, we provide the essential infrastructure and organizational framework for the development of multilingual wiki Projects and their editions (as explained here) and other endeavors which serve this mission. We strive to make and keep educational and informational content from the Projects available on the internet free of charge, in perpetuity.
We welcome you (“you” or the “user”) as a reader, editor, author, or contributor of the Wikimedia Projects, and we encourage you to join the Wikimedia community. Before you participate, however, we ask that you please read and agree to the following Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).
These Terms of Use tell you about our public services at the Wikimedia Foundation, our relationship to you as a user, and the rights and responsibilities that guide us both. We want you to know that we host an incredible quantity of educational and informational content, all of which is contributed and made possible by users like yourself. Generally we do not contribute, monitor, or delete content (with the rare exception of policies like these Terms of Use or legal compliance for DMCA notices). This means that editorial control is in the hands of you and your fellow users who create and manage the content. We merely host this content.
The community - the network of users who are constantly building and using the various sites or Projects - are the principal means through which the goals of the mission are achieved. The community contributes to and helps govern our sites. The community undertakes the critical function of creating and enforcing policies for the specific Project editions (such as the different language editions for the Wikipedia Project or the Wikimedia Commons multi-lingual edition).
You are welcome to join as a contributor, editor, or author, but you should follow the policies that govern each of the independent Project editions. The largest of our Projects is Wikipedia, but we host other Projects too, each with different objectives and work methods. Each Project edition has a team of contributors, editors or authors who work together to create and manage the content on that Project edition. You are welcome to join these teams and work with them to improve these Projects. Because we are dedicated to making content freely accessible to the public, we generally require that all content you contribute is available under a free license or in the public domain.
Please be aware that you are legally responsible for all of your contributions, edits, and re-use of Wikimedia content under the laws of the United States of America and other applicable laws (which may include the laws where you live or where you view or edit content). This means it is important that you use caution when posting content. In light of this responsibility, we have some rules about what you cannot post, most of which is either for your own protection or for the protection of other users like yourself. Please keep in mind that the content we host is for general informational purposes only, so if you need expert advice for a particular question (such as medical, legal, or financial issues), you should seek the help of a licensed or qualified professional. We also include other important notices and disclaimers, so please read these Terms of Use in their entirety.
For clarity, other organizations, such as local Wikimedia chapters and associations, that may share in the same mission are nevertheless legally independent and separate from the Wikimedia Foundation and have no responsibility for the operations of the website or its content.

The Wikimedia Foundation is dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free multilingual content, and to hosting the full content of these wiki-based Projects for the public free of charge. Our role is to host some of the largest collaboratively edited reference Projects in the world, which can be found here. However, we act only as a hosting service, maintaining the infrastructure and organizational framework that allows our users to build the Wikimedia Projects by contributing and editing content themselves. Because of our unique role, there are a couple of things you should be aware of when considering our relationship to you, the Projects, and the other users:
We ask that you review the terms of our Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of how we collect and use your information. Because our services are used by people all over the world, personal information that we collect may be stored and processed in the United States of America or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside your country.
The Projects hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation only exist because of the vibrant community of users like you who collaborate to write, edit, and curate the content. We happily welcome your participation in this community. We encourage you to be civil and polite in your interactions with others in the community, to act in good faith, and to make edits and contributions aimed at furthering the mission of the shared Project.
Certain activities, whether legal or illegal, may be harmful to other users and violate our rules, and some activities may also subject you to liability. Therefore, for your own protection and for that of other users, you may not engage in such activities on our sites. These activities include:

We reserve the right to exercise our enforcement discretion with respect to the above terms.
You are responsible for safeguarding your own password and should never disclose it to any third party.
Although you have considerable freedoms for re-use of the content on the Project websites, it is important that, at the Wikimedia Foundation, we protect our trademark rights so that we can protect our users from fraudulent impersonators. Because of this, we ask that you please respect our trademarks. All Wikimedia Foundation trademarks belong to the Wikimedia Foundation, and any use of our trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, or domain names must be in compliance with these Terms of Use and in compliance with our Trademark Policy.
To grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to the Projects are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely, so long as that use is properly attributed and the same freedom to re-use and re-distribute is granted to any derivative works. In keeping with our goal of providing free information to the widest possible audience, we require that when necessary all submitted content be licensed so that it is freely reusable by anyone who cares to access it.
You agree to the following licensing requirements:
(Re-users may comply with either license or both.)
The only exception is if the Project edition or feature requires a different license. In that case, you agree to license any text you contribute under that particular license. For example, at the publication of this version of the Terms of Use, English Wikinews mandates that all text content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Generic License (CC BY 2.5) and does not require a dual license with GFDL.
Please note that these licenses do allow commercial uses of your contributions, as long as such uses are compliant with the terms.
You agree that, if you import text under a CC BY-SA license that requires attribution, you must credit the author(s) in a reasonable fashion. Where such credit is commonly given through page histories (such as Wikimedia-internal copying), it is sufficient to give attribution in the edit summary, which is recorded in the page history, when importing the text. The attribution requirements are sometimes too intrusive for particular circumstances (regardless of the license), and there may be instances where the Wikimedia community decides that imported text cannot be used for that reason.
When you re-use or re-distribute a text page developed by the Wikimedia community, you agree to attribute the authors in any of the following fashions:
If the text content was imported from another source, it is possible that the content is licensed under a compatible CC BY-SA license but not GFDL (as described in “Importing text,” above). In that case, you agree to comply with the compatible CC BY-SA license and do not have the option to re-license it under GFDL. To determine the license that applies to the content that you seek to re-use or re-distribute, you should review the page footer, page history, and discussion page.
In addition, please be aware that text that originated from external sources and was imported into a Project may be under a license that attaches additional attribution requirements. Users agree to indicate these additional attribution requirements clearly. Depending on the Project, such requirements may appear for example in a banner or other notations pointing out that some or all of the content was originally published elsewhere. Where there are such visible notations, re-users should preserve them.
When modifying or making additions to any non-text media that you have obtained from a Project website, you agree to license the modified or added content in accordance with whatever license under which the work has been made available.
The Wikimedia Foundation wants to ensure that the content that we host can be re-used by other users without fear of liability and that it is not infringing the proprietary rights of others. In fairness to our users, as well as to other creators and copyright holders, our policy is to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the formalities of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Pursuant to the DMCA, we will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, users and account holders of our system and network who are repeat infringers.
However, we also recognize that not every takedown notice is valid or in good faith. In such cases, we strongly encourage users to file counter-notifications when they appropriately believe a DMCA takedown demand is invalid or improper. For more information on what to do if you think a DMCA notice has been improperly filed, you may wish to consult the Chilling Effects website.
If you are the owner of content that is being improperly used on one of the Projects without your permission, you may request that the content be removed under the DMCA. To make such a request, please email us at legalwikimedia.org or snail mail our designated agent at this address.
Alternatively, you may make a request to our community, which often handles copyright issues faster and more effectively than prescribed under the DMCA. In that case, you can post a notice explaining your copyright concerns. For a non-exhaustive and non-authoritative list of the relevant processes for the different Project editions, look here. Before filing a DMCA claim, you also have the option of sending an email to the community at infowikimedia.org.
You are solely responsible for your use of any third-party websites or resources. Although the Projects contain links to third-party websites and resources, we do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for their availability, accuracy, or the related content, products, or services (including, without limitation, any viruses or other disabling features), nor do we have any obligation to monitor such third-party content.
The community has the primary role in creating and enforcing policies applying to the different Project editions. At the Wikimedia Foundation, we rarely intervene in community decisions about policy and its enforcement. In an unusual case, the need may arise, or the community may ask us, to address an especially problematic user because of significant Project disturbance or dangerous behavior. In such cases, we reserve the right, but do not have the obligation to:
In the interests of our users and the Projects, in the extreme circumstance that any individual has had his or her account or access blocked under this provision, he or she is prohibited from creating or using another account on or seeking access to the same Project, unless we provide explicit permission. Without limiting the authority of the community, the Wikimedia Foundation itself will not ban a user from editing or contributing or block a user's account or access solely because of good faith criticism that does not result in actions otherwise violating these Terms of Use or community policies.
The Wikimedia community and its members may also take action when so allowed by the community or Foundation policies applicable to the specific Project edition, including but not limited to warning, investigating, blocking, or banning users who violate those policies. You agree to comply with the final decisions of dispute resolution bodies that are established by the community for the specific Project editions (such as arbitration committees); these decisions may include sanctions as set out by the policy of the specific Project edition.
Especially problematic users who have had accounts or access blocked on multiple Project editions may be subject to a ban from all of the Project editions, in accordance with the Global Ban Policy. In contrast to Board resolutions or these Terms of Use, policies established by the community, which may cover a single Project edition or multiple Projects editions (like the Global Ban Policy), may be modified by the relevant community according to its own procedures.
The blocking of an account or access or the banning of a user under this provision shall be in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms of Use.
The Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees releases official policies from time to time. Some of these policies may be mandatory for a particular Project or Project edition, and, when they are, you agree to abide by them as applicable.
Though we hope you will stay and continue to contribute to the Projects, you can stop using our services any time. In certain (hopefully unlikely) circumstances it may be necessary for either ourselves or the Wikimedia community or its members (as described in Section 10) to terminate part or all of our services, terminate these Terms of Use, block your account or access, or ban you as a user. If your account or access is blocked or otherwise terminated for any reason, your public contributions will remain publicly available (subject to applicable policies), and, unless we notify you otherwise, you may still access our public pages for the sole purpose of reading publicly available content on the Projects. In such circumstances, however, you may not be able to access your account or settings. We reserve the right to suspend or end the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Even after your use and participation are banned, blocked or otherwise suspended, these Terms of Use will remain in effect with respect to relevant provisions, including Sections 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9-15, and 17.
Highlighted for emphasis
We hope that no serious disagreements arise involving you, but, in the event there is a dispute, we encourage you to seek resolution through the dispute resolution procedures or mechanisms provided by the Projects or Project editions and the Wikimedia Foundation. If you seek to file a legal claim against us, you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a state or federal court located in San Francisco County, California. You also agree that the laws of the State of California and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States of America will govern these Terms of Use, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and us (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in San Francisco County, California, in any legal action or proceeding relating to us or these Terms of Use.
To ensure that disputes are dealt with soon after they arise, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you might have arising out of or related to use of our services or these Terms of Use must be filed within the applicable statute of limitations or, if earlier, one (1) year after the pertinent facts underlying such claim or cause of action could have been discovered with reasonable diligence (or be forever barred).
Highlighted for emphasis
At the Wikimedia Foundation, we do our best to provide educational and informational content to a very wide audience, but your use of our services is at your sole risk. We provide these services on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we expressly disclaim all express or implied warranties of all kinds, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We make no warranty that our services will meet your requirements, be safe, secure, uninterrupted, timely, accurate, or error-free, or that your information will be secure.
We are not responsible for the content, data, or actions of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from our services creates any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through your use of our services is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content or communication maintained by the service. We retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice.
Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the types of disclaimers in this section, so they may not apply to you either in part or in full depending on the law.
Highlighted for emphasis
Just as the Wikimedia community's input is essential for the growth and maintenance of the Projects, we believe that community input is essential for these Terms of Use to properly serve our users. It is also essential for a fair contract. Therefore, we will provide these Terms of Use, as well as any substantial future revisions of these Terms of Use, to the community for comment at least thirty (30) days before the end of the comment period. If a future proposed revision is substantial, we will provide an additional 30 days for comments after posting a translation of the proposed revision in at least three languages (selected at our discretion). The community will be encouraged to translate the proposed revision in other languages as appropriate. For changes for legal or administrative reasons, to correct an inaccurate statement, or changes in response to community comments, we will provide at least three (3) days' notice.
Because it may be necessary to modify these Terms of Use from time to time, we will provide notice of such modifications and the opportunity to comment via the Project websites, and via a notification on WikimediaAnnounce-L. However, we ask that you please periodically review the most up-to-date version of these Terms of Use. Your continued use of our services after the new Terms of Use become official following the notice and review period constitutes an acceptance of these Terms of Use on your part. For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users like yourself, if you do not agree with our Terms of Use, you cannot use our services.
These Terms of Use do not create an employment, agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between you and us, the Wikimedia Foundation. If you have not signed a separate agreement with us, these Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and us. If there is any conflict between these Terms of Use and a signed written agreement between you and us, the signed agreement will control.
You agree that we may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms of Use, by email, regular mail, or postings on Project websites.
If in any circumstance, we do not apply or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use, it is not a waiver of that provision.
You understand that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, you have no expectation of compensation for any activity, contribution, or idea that you provide to us, the community, or the Wikimedia Projects or Project editions.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Terms of Use, we (the Wikimedia Foundation) and you agree not to modify the applicable terms and requirements of any free license that is employed on the Projects or Project editions when such free license is authorized by these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use were written in English (U.S.). While we hope that translations of these Terms of Use are accurate, in the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is found unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and all other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
We appreciate your taking the time to read these Terms of Use, and we are very happy to have you contributing to the Projects and using our services. Through your contributions, you are helping to build something really big – not only an important collection of collaboratively edited reference Projects that provides education and information to millions who might otherwise lack access, but also a vibrant community of like-minded and engaged peers, focused on a very noble goal.
These Terms of Use went into effect on June 16, 2014. Previous versions of the terms:
In the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.


--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Terms_of_Use
The following pages link to Terms of Use:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Home/0


Latest news
See the list of current events for more information. »

Our blog




Our projects
Read more about our projects. »

Connect with us

Our policies
Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment.

Read our 2010–11 Annual Report, titled ‘the way the world tells its story.’ This year’s report focusses on global celebrations around Wikipedia 10, our emerging work in India, the global education program, our mobile expansion efforts, and on our major engineering/product accomplishments and ambitions.

Our strategic priorities:
Wikimedia Foundation targets for 2015:
Read our 2011–12 Annual financial plan, which also includes strategic targets, activities, and staffing overview.
The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. The Wikimedia Foundation operates some of the largest collaboratively edited reference projects in the world, including Wikipedia, a top-ten Internet property.
The Wikimedia Foundation relies heavily on the generous support from our users. Please consider making a donation today, be it time or money. Your donation helps to power Wikipedia, a top-ten website, by funding technology and our team of less than 100 employees.
The Wikimedia Foundation is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization: contributions from US citizens are deductible and some other countries. Please see our fundraising page for details of making donations via PayPal, MoneyBookers, postal mail or direct deposit. For all other types of donations, please contact us.
Give now »
The Wikimedia Foundation is proud to be one of the most transparent non-profit organizations in the world. For updates about our program activities and our Annual Report, see the other links on this page. Additionally, we provide the following information:
Wikimedia Foundation staff regularly participate in open office hours on IRC (an online chat system). Our fundraising work is public and community-driven as well. If you'd like to jump right in, visit the community fundraising landing page.
Wikimedia's content is written by volunteers. Wikimedia Foundation staff and contractors work in technical operations, software development, global community programs, finance/administration and fundraising.
Global Development:
Administration:
Human Resources:
Technology:
Technology:
Global Development:
See the job openings page for more information. Follow Wikimedia HR updates on Twitter or identi.ca. »

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Home/0
The following pages link to Template:Home/0:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Legoktm/Liberation/Raw_HTML
Generated from "foundationwiki-20130122-pages-meta-current.xml.bz2". Any page containing the string "<html>" was included. Duplicate of m:Liberating wikimediafoundation.org/Raw HTML.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Legoktm
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log
No matching items in log.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Legoktm
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Copyright
Text is available under the <a href="//creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0</a>; additional terms may apply. See <a href="//wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_use">Terms of use</a> for details.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/MediaWiki:Copyright
The following pages link to MediaWiki:Copyright:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/MediaWiki_talk:Copyright
Hi! Welcome to the website for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
Unfortunately, wikimediafoundation.org does not allow open editing at this time; however, we want everyone to be able to contribute. If you have suggestions for how we could improve this site please use the links below:
This page has been largely replaced by MediaWiki:Wikimedia-copyright.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Wikimedia-copyright
This page has been deleted. The deletion and move log for the page are provided below for reference.
Text is available under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License</a>; additional terms may apply. See <a href="https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use">Terms of Use</a> for details.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/MediaWiki:Wikimedia-copyright
The following pages link to MediaWiki:Wikimedia-copyright:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Thehelpfulone
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)
(newest | oldest) View (newer 50 | older 50) (20 | 50 | 100 | 250 | 500)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:2007/DonateLang
Please note: this page has been proposed for deletion. It has had most of its page contents banished to the page history and its author (and other significant contributors) have been notified of its impending deletion. Without objection, this page will be deleted after October 10, 2013.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:2007/DonateLang
The following pages link to Template:2007/DonateLang:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User:Thehelpfulone/Fundraising
A long list of all fundraising related pages on Foundation wiki that can mostly be deleted. Some may wish to be kept for historical interest. Split up:
See also Category:Obsolete fundraising templates (and WhatLinksHere to those templates for transclusions)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/User:Thehelpfulone/Fundraising
The following pages link to User:Thehelpfulone/Fundraising:

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/User_talk:Krinkle
Hi! Welcome to the website for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects.
Unfortunately, wikimediafoundation.org does not allow open editing at this time; however, we want everyone to be able to contribute. If you have suggestions for how we could improve this site please use the links below:
Thanks for being here! This wiki does not exactly follow the same rules as the other Wikimedia projects, since it is not open to all for editing, and in case of disagreement, the organ of decision will be the Board. A rule of thumb however is that if we gave you access, that means we trust you. So please, do not be shy in editing this site. There is ample work for everyone :-)
Hi. When I click "collapse all departments" at <https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Staff_and_contractors?showall=1>, I'm taken to <https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Template:Staff_and_contractors?showall=undefined>. The URL is funky, but the functionality seems to be working as expected. --MZMcBride (talk) 04:35, 27 August 2012 (UTC)
The expand/collapse all functionality is now broken again. I think it's due to the jQuery upgrade from last week. Can you please take a look at the page when you have a minute? The JavaScript console shows the relevant error/issue (something about "span#expand-all"), but I can't figure out the exact cause of the problem. --MZMcBride (talk) 04:01, 2 September 2012 (UTC)
Hi. The show/hide functionality at User:Thehelpfulone/Fundraising wasn't working properly (there was an error in the JavaScript console about missing collapseTable). So I copied over some relevant code from w:en:MediaWiki:Common.js to MediaWiki:Common.js, but this led to two show/hide links. Consequently, I disabled the legacy collapsible tables gadget for now, as a temporary measure, as it was not working and the code from the English Wikipedia was working. User:Thehelpfulone/Fundraising now functions properly. I didn't have the patience to debug the issue properly, but if you do, please feel free to undo any mess I may have made. --MZMcBride (talk) 21:10, 24 March 2013 (UTC)

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:Log/Krinkle
Combined display of all available logs of Wikimedia Foundation. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Gadget-collapsibleTables
Collapsible Tables: Old script for handling class collapsible on tables.

--URL: http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/MediaWiki:Gadget-collapsibleTables
The following pages link to MediaWiki:Gadget-collapsibleTables:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Fundraising_2011
This noticeboard was for announcements, updates and testing news related to the 2011 Fundraiser from staff at the Wikimedia Foundation and from representatives of the Wikimedia Chapters. Thank you to everyone who helped make the 2011 Fundraiser such a huge success!
Updates on our current testing and preparations for the 2012 Fundraiser will be posted at Fundraising 2012.


Our annual fundraising campaign reached a successful conclusion on January 1, 2012 having raised a record-breaking USD 20 million from more than one million donors in nearly every country in the world. It is our most successful campaign ever, continuing an unbroken streak in which donations have risen every year since the campaigns began in 2003.
Wikimedia Foundation websites serve more than 470 million people every month. It is the only major website supported not by advertising, but by donations from readers. From Sue Gardner, Executive Director of the Wikimedia Foundation, "Our model is working fantastically well. Ordinary people use Wikipedia and they like it, so they chip in some cash so it will continue to thrive. That maintains our independence and lets us focus solely on providing a useful public service. I am so grateful to our donors for making that possible. I promise them we will use their money carefully and well."
The number of Wikimedia Foundation donors has increased ten-fold since 2008 and the total dollar amount raised in the campaign has risen to over $20 million from $4.5 million. Funds raised in this campaign will be used to buy and install servers and other hardware, to develop new site functionality, expand mobile services, provide legal defense for the projects, and support the large global community of Wikimedia volunteers. The Wikimedia Foundation’s total 2011-12 planned spending is 28.3 million USD. The bulk of that is raised during the annual campaign and the remainder comes throughout the year in the form of grants from institutions (such as the Sloan Foundation) and many other small donations year round.
This year’s campaign highlighted staff and volunteers who help to create Wikipedia. It featured testimonials from volunteer editors in countries such as Argentina, Brazil, India, Kenya, the United Kingdom and the United States ranging in age from 18 to 76, explaining why they edit Wikipedia and why they think readers should support the Wikimedia Foundation. More than 100 volunteers translated the banners and appeals into dozens of languages, reaching hundreds of millions of people.
A special thanks goes to all the contributors who work on the fundraiser year-round, the editors who helped tell their story, the translators who helped spread the message of the fundraiser, Wikimedia Foundation employees, and to the readers of Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects for their support.
With over 20 million articles in 282 languages, Wikipedia is the largest encyclopedia in human history. Over 100,000 volunteers work on Wikipedia and its 10 sister projects (including projects like Wikimedia Commons, Wikibooks, and Wiktionary), furthering the Wikimedia Foundation’s mission to freely share the sum of all human knowledge. On January 15, 2012, Wikipedia will celebrate its 11th anniversary.
These past few weeks, we’ve rotated through a couple dozen appeals with people from different parts of the world with unique Wikipedia experiences and personal stories to tell. It honestly has been so fun and inspiring to help tell their stories. Right now and for the next few days, we have all the appeals up live together.
We owe a huge thank you to everyone who has helped make this campaign so special by showing readers how incredible our community is.

Brandon Harris is a Senior Designer at the Wikimedia Foundation and he has worked at Wikimedia since the Spring of 2010. He was raised in Huntington, West Virginia, and he has spent most of his adult life in San Francisco, CA. He is aggressively passionate about his work and loves feeling like he is making the world a better place. He listens to heavy metal, plays guitar, and hosts an ongoing RPG night.

Susan Hewitt is originally from England and has lived in the US for more than half of her life. She does volunteer work of different kinds, she loves to write (including Wikipedia articles, of course!) and she loves to teach. She also enjoys doing field research and writing papers on mollusks. She is fond of swimming and being in the ocean. At home you might find her reading a stack of science magazines or studying Buddhism. She thinks the most important thing any of us can do is try to make the world a better place for everyone else.

Karthik Nadar is from Mumbai, India. He is a student and he works part-time. His favorite part of his job is he has enough time to contribute to Wikipedia. He contributed a lot to the 2011 Mumbai bombings article, including adding a picture he took after a bomb blast. In his free time, other than editing Wikipedia, he enjoys playing the drums and playing cricket. He also enjoys photography.

User GorillaWarfare is a student at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. She began editing Wikipedia when she was in high school and currently she mostly focuses on anti-vandalism editing on Wikipedia. Her main interest is Wikipedia and she considers it to be more of a hobby than volunteer work. She remarked that some people think it's a "weird way to spend her time," but when they see what she is actually doing, especially with anti-vandalism, "they almost see it as kind of a game where I’m reverting the bad guys."

Bruno Linhares is from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He has a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and a Ph.D. in Practical Theology. In all of his many activities, he finds research to be the most enjoyable part for him. He enjoys reading about aviation and 20th century world literature and journey accounts. He enjoys film and he goes to the movies every week. He also enjoys walking, hiking, and photography.

Dr. Sengai Podhuvanar is from Chennai, India. He is currently retired after having many jobs: he worked on a rural farm, as a school teacher, as a state-appointed journal editor, and as a PhD expert on indigenous Indian games. He "was born a poor farmer, and still considers [himself] a farmer with a single plow." Currently he enjoys his retirement by reading, writing, taking walks and adding lots of his knowledge to Wikipedia.

Maryana Pinchuk is a Community Organizer at the Wikimedia Foundation. She works with editors to support the growth of all the Wikimedia projects. Her favorite thing about her job is getting to work with an international team of "brilliant, crazy, fearless people who are completely rabid about the goal of sharing knowledge with everyone in the world for free." She is originally from the Ukraine and has spent time living in many places in the US including Seattle, New Orleans, Boston, and Mississippi. She is a fan of going to bookstores and picking up classics and science fiction, and she likes motorcycle riding.
Basil Soufi was born in Washington State, spent the first few years of his life in Saudi Arabia, then moved to Canada, and later moved to California. Basil realized the power of Wikipedia when, in 2004, a high school assignment led him to Google "John Kerry." The encyclopedia in his home library was printed in 1993 and did not have much information on John Kerry who was not as notable at the time. He needed current information that can be found on the Internet but he also needed an encyclopedia, so Wikipedia fit the bill. Basil speaks several languages including Arabic, French, and English and he owns and operates a diversified media company.

Alan Sohn grew up in Lawrence, NY, lived for a decade in Manhattan, and then moved with his wife and children to Teaneck, New Jersey. It was the article for Teaneck that was Alan's first experience with Wikipedia, launching thousands of new articles and over 300,000 Wikipedia edits. Aside from his passion of editing Wikipedia articles, Alan has a penchant for puzzles, both in his work as a financial systems analyst, and crossword puzzles, namely the famous NYT crossword puzzle. Alan plays in a softball league with one of his sons, has coached his kids in various sports, and spent 3 years as a bicycle commuter riding 16 miles daily from NJ to NYC.

Akshaya Iyengar is a donor from India. She grew up in Solapur, a city in Maharashtra state. She moved to the US for graduate school and now lives and works in Seattle, WA. Akshaya is a Software Developer for a technology company. She likes the fact that the software she writes is directly used by many, many people. In her free time she enjoys ballroom/latin dancing, playing the guitar, and solving jigsaw puzzles.

Aniruddha Kumar is from New Delhi, India. He is is a blind Wikipedia editor who finds it important that Wikipedia remain ad-free because he does not have to waste time listening to advertising text on the site. He also likes that there is no barrier of nationality, ethnicity, religion, cast, or gender for editors or readers of Wikipedia; it is information for all written by all. He is a research scholar in Jawaharlal University, New Delhi. He enjoys the art of winning a debate and convincing others to see his point on topics, spreading information, and eating tasty food.


Ward Cunningham is computer programmer and the inventor of the wiki. He is a founder of Cunningham & Cunningham, Inc. (c2.com) and currently resides in Oregon, USA. Read more about him on Wikipedia.

Isaac Kosegi Kips is from Kenya and he's a recent graduate from Egerton University in Nakura, Kenya. Isaac is a Wikimedia volunteer and his major project is distributing offline versions of Wikipedia to several schools in Kenya that do not have Internet access. He is also working on improving Wikipedia in Africa's native languages. When he is not editing Wikipedia he loves to read, and he loves soccer.
Pepe Robles currently works as a consultant for international unions. Pepe grew up in Argentina and he has seen the fall of an oppressive dictatorship and the rise of democracy in his country. During the dictatorship when he was still a young man, after painting political slogans on a wall he and his friends were subjected to a mock execution from paramilitaries. Wikipedia is a part of a new open world that he dreamed about when he was younger.
Stacey 23:17, 22 December 2011 (UTC)
The personal appeal rotation continued throughout this past week.
During our pre-fundraiser summer testing, we wrote an appeal with Wikimedia Foundation staff member, Maryana Pinchuk, describing her motivation for working at the WMF. When Maryana first came to Wikimedia for a summer job, she was "inspired by the passion and curiosity of the people here who don’t want to keep knowledge shelved in a library or a university, but want to put it out there for everybody on the planet to use."
Maryana's message certainly resonated with donors. One reader wrote in, "Her story of commitment and her belief in Wikipedia really moved me." Another wrote, "I think the personal stories are effective. Maryana Pinchuk's story pushed me over the edge and made me answer that little voice inside that said, "You should donate" every time I clicked on Wikipedia."
We moved on later in the week to run an appeal from editor, Basil Soufi, which describes discovering Wikipedia as the greatest "eureka moment" of his life. Here's just one donor's reaction to his appeal, "Basils pitch for funds hit home with me. I didn't realize how often I pick up my iPad and check out a phrase that is unclear to me."
Next up was another appeal we wrote during our pre-fundraiser weekly testing from editor Alan Sohn. Alan is a systems consultant, working with very large-scale financial computer systems. In his appeal, he says, "The information is gladly provided by me and thousands of other editors who are happy to create it. We all know the world is better off because that information is freely available."
This week was also the first time during the fundraiser that we ran an appeal from a donor. Akshaya donated to the 2010 fundraiser and we followed up with her on a comment she sent in about why she supports Wikipedia. Check out a powerful quote from Akshaya's appeal: "Growing up in a small city in India, not all books were available there, and the libraries not always too well equipped. Later, when I was working on a technical degree, it was almost impossible to get all the information I needed from standard textbooks alone. For people everywhere, it’s indispensably useful to have a site like Wikipedia." It was really neat to include a donor in the mix of appeals to show a different perspective during the fundraiser.
Right now, we're running an appeal from editor Aniruddha Kumar. He is a blind editor and his appeal emphasizes the importance of Wikipedia being ad-free to him because he doesn't have to waste his time listening to advertising text on the site. One donor identified with Kumar's story and wrote in, "I am blind and love your website. I use it all the time and it is user friendly. I also appreciate there are no ads that I have to listen through every time. I planned on supporting this website no matter what because I appreciate everything about this website."
Everyone who has helped writing appeals has really contributed a lot of time and energy into making these messages just right. There's no way we would be able to run a fundraiser like this without you, thank you so much.
Meganhernandez 01:53, 19 December 2011 (UTC)
We're about half way through the fundraiser, here's a quick look at where we're at.
We started the fundraiser with Jimmy's appeal. Since the first week, we have run appeals from Brandon Harris, Susan Hewitt, Karthik Nadar, a student editor, and Dr. Sengai Podhuvan.
This editor appeal phase that we're in right now is a very valuable part of the fundraiser. It's really important to highlight our editors and share their stories with readers as well as to give Jimmy's appeal a break. Readers seem to appreciate this variety as well. Here are just two campaign comments from donors:
"The appeals are well-done. I like the variety of solicitors -- ages, backgrounds, reasons. It was the collective voice that moved me to donate, not just one person."
"It's a good idea to show/tell stories from different people, not just the founder, but regular people, like you're already doing."
We still have a ways to go, more editors' stories to tell, and more money to raise. Thank you to all the editors who are working with us to write appeals, to volunteers who are translating these messages and to readers who have shown their support already.
Mhernandez 01:52, 11 December 2011 (UTC)
Dr. Sengai Podhuvan is the latest editor to appear in a fundraising banner.
His story of being a rural farmer in India and becoming a Wikipedia editor is pretty incredible and donors have been sending in warm comments in response to his appeal:
"The story by Dr. Podhuvai was so human and touching, I was drawn in and had to respond. It was very well done, but genuine and not contrived."
"The appeal from Dr. Sengai Podhuvan moved me to contribute. I like the idea of a guy in Tamil Nadu being able to contribute something to the world."
This appeal has only been shown in the US so far, but we're looking forward to seeing the reaction to a local appeal in India. We owe a huge thanks to Dr. Sengai Podhuvan for sharing his unique story with readers.
We ran a new editor appeal this week from a university student. When we put the appeal live in the US on Monday morning, we saw a boost in donations, so we have been working on putting up tests with this appeal in other countries as well.
Donors have sent in positive feedback about her appeal. One donor wrote in: "I was intrigued by the testimonial of the student who contributed 18,000 edits. I am a student myself."
Another wrote: "The student whose contribution I read inspired me to donate after she stated that textbooks cost $500 but she has access to all the information she needs through Wikipedia."
This morning we introduced another appeal from Brazilian editor, Bruno Linhares. Bruno is a transportation engineer who primarily edits articles about air transportation in Brazil.
In response to his appeal, a donor wrote in: "Bruno's letter reminded me that I can find answers to most anything because of the passionate people that write the articles."
More editor appeals are in the works and you'll see them up live over the next few days. Thank you to everyone who is working with us to create different drafts of the appeals. Collaborating on these appeals is one of the most fun parts of the fundraising process.
Meganhernandez 02:34, 9 December 2011 (UTC)
Karthik is the latest editor to share his story with Wikipedia readers. He is an editor from India and his fundraising appeal describes the work he did on the 2011 Mumbai bombings article.
Karthik's appeal has only been up live for a day, and already readers are sending in lovely comments about his message:
"It was Karthik Nadar's msg that finally got me to quit procrastinating and donate. So, yeah, I think personal stories from users are good."
"I like the information about how streamlined the operation is and all the different ways the web site is used by different people all over the world. The idea that this young man was able to share information about the bombings in India makes the web site a source for news, which I like."
One more: "Tell us more about important authors like Karthik."
You got it. More editor appeals on the way!
Seeing these editor appeals materialize is truly incredible. Thank you so much to Karthik and all the other editors who are working hard on this project. Your work is really inspiring for the fundraising team and it's what keeps us motivated to share your stories with the world - while still raising the money we need to keep it going.
Meganhernandez 19:25, 3 December 2011 (UTC)
Yesterday, we introduced an appeal from our first editor in the 2011 fundraiser. Susan Hewitt is a long time editor of articles about gastropods and was excited to participate in the fundraiser this year. Thank you, Susan!
We've tested a few versions of her appeal and are currently running the best performing appeal that highlights the multiplying effect of thousands of dedicated editors contributing articles on the topics they are passionate about.
Readers have been sending in great feedback on why they were inspired to donate to Susan's appeal. As one donor put it, "I was struck by the idea that someone would write almost 600 articles for a non profit without payment - from the heart - and as a writer - I wanted to keep that alive."
There will be more editor appeals in the coming days. Again, we owe a big thanks to Susan for sharing her knowledge over the years as well as her story with readers.
Meganhernandez 01:23, 1 December 2011 (UTC)
The 2011 fundraiser kicked off with a strong start. In the first 24 hours, Wikimedia donors worldwide showed their support by donating USD $1.2 million. Yes, this is a record number of dollars raised in a single day by the Wikimedia Foundation (previous record was $790,853.48), but the bigger accomplishment is the number of supporters. Over 65,000 Wikipedia users donated in a single day from over 150 countries around the world. Our previous record number of donors in a single day was 26,082 from December 31, 2010.
We're now about one week and nearly $7 million into the fundraiser. Last year, it took about 25 days to raise this much.
We launched this year's campaign with the appeal from Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales. Throughout these past few months of testing many different messages, we found that Jimmy's appeal was the strongest message to kick off the fundraiser. In the last days before the launch of the campaign, we discovered that adding a green background to Jimmy's photo had a big boost for click and donation rates. We're still experimenting with designs and messages and will discover plenty of improvements to make along the way.
Just last night, we put up an appeal from Wikipedia programmer Brandon Harris and the message is performing on par with Jimmy's appeal. We're now at the phase in the campaign where we will be highlighting stories from many different Wikimedians to help raise our budget. Over the past several months, Wikipedia volunteer editors and Wikimedia Foundation staff members have been working with the fundraising team to craft appeals so the 2011 fundraiser can rely as much as possible on a variety of voices from Wikimedians around the world. We owe a big thanks to everyone who has participated so far.
There are plenty more stories to look out for in the coming days. We're also still working on adding in more stories we haven't found yet to this year's campaign. If you're game to share your story to appeal to readers for donations, please sign up to get involved or channel your creativity and help draft an appeal from the Wikimedia community.
We still have a long way to go but we're feeling really thankful to Wikipedia users and contributors who have shown their support and pushed us off with a strong start.
Mhernandez 17:51, 23 November 2011 (UTC)
We’re quickly approaching the launch of the 2011 Wikimedia annual fundraiser. These past few months have been critical to ramp up our operation in preparation of the year-end campaign.
Last year, after testing hundreds of banner messages, we saw the appeal from our founder, Jimmy Wales, was the most effective message in compelling readers to donate. This year, we have been committed to breaking the dependence on Jimmy’s appeal and expanding the range of voices and faces from our community to reach our fundraising goals. And we’re going to do it.
Throughout our summer testing, we found new stories from different members of the Wikimedia community that perform as well as or better than our successful Jimmy appeal. We’re still gathering more stories, but so far, we have seen successful appeals from Wikipedia editors and several Wikimedia Foundation staff members. Please take a look at our test updates below for results on specific tests.
The Storytellers traveled to Wikimania and kicked off our interviewing sprint with over 50 editors and contributors. The story-gathering mission has continued since then, and will continue throughout the fundraiser so we can have a truly global fundraiser with a wide variety of personal appeals. We still need unique stories from contributors all over the world, please sign up to get involved or visit the meta page to help draft an appeal from the Wikimedia community.
What have we learned so far about what makes for a successful appeal? That authenticity matters. Our successful personal appeals have all been written using people’s own passionate words to tell readers what’s so incredible about Wikipedia and why it is personally invaluable to them. Using that genuine message, we also highlight a few key points:
To build out our global campaign, we have spent the past several months working to set up the systems to accept more currencies and local payment methods in different countries than we ever have in the past. Our tech team is currently pouring an enormous amount of work into this goal to optimize our donations worldwide.
Wikimedia chapters have also started diving into testing to prepare for the fundraiser. The German, UK, and French chapters have held successful tests and are in the midst of numerous other preparations.
Over the summer, we launched a translation outreach campaign to build up a team of volunteers to localize different messages into as many languages as possible. So far, over 1,000 people from over 80 languages have signed up to help localize our campaign. That might sound like a lot, but believe me; we still need a lot more. Please help us out by signing up to get involved.
Here’s where we’re at now: Starting Monday November 7, we would like to launch the fundraiser to only logged-in users. Last year, we took down banners for logged in users about a month into the fundraiser. This year, we want to take the banners down even earlier for logged in users and starting next week will allow us to do that.
We’re asking every community member who is planning to donate, to make their donation in this first week to help us test our donation forms in all different countries and languages. We’ve put a lot of effort into localizing our messages and forms. If you see any errors or ways we can improve the setup in your country or language, please let us know over the next week so we can make these improvements before we put up banners for all users on Wednesday, November 16.
We’ll be sending out notices about the logged-in launch/test to mailing lists and village pumps this week. Please help us spread the word!
Thanks for helping us get off to a strong start.
Mhernandez 00:39, 6 November 2011 (UTC)
Wednesday, October 5, we will be conducting a bug triage for open engineering issues relating to the Wikimedia Fundraiser. We will be tackling some low-hanging fruit focusing mostly on some of the fundraiser metric reporting tools, as well as some non-Mediawiki related tools.
This is a great opportunity for new devs to get involved with MediaWiki development as well as for veterans to help out with one of the most critical projects for the Wikimedia Foundation. We also have some CiviCRM related bugs - so if you're a CiviCRM hacker or interested in exploring another awesome open source project, this is for you!
Please take a look at some of the open bugs we'll be addressing during the triage.
Looking forward to seeing you there!
This week we will be running banners to recruit translators in many different languages. The banners will, like the previous times, only run for logged-in users; they will target (a) wikis in specific languages and (b) English wikis geo-targetted to specific countries. The schedule is as follows:
On Wednesday September 21 we will run two-hour banner campaigns to recruit translators. The banners will be run in two different campaigns: One targetting wikis in Danish, Finnish, Norwegian Bokmål, Norwegian Nynorsk and Swedish; and the other targetting users of English-language projects located in Denmark, the Faroes, Finland, Greenland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. The banners will run for two hours from 17:00 to 19:00 UTC.
Statistics from the banners will be available at Fundraising 2011/Translation/Recruitment.
On Thursday September 15 we will run one-hour banner campaigns to recruit translators. This will be a test to see what banners we should use, but also a real call for action. The banners will be run on French- and Romanian-language projects, and also for users of English-language projects who are located in France, Belgium, Romania and Moldova. The banners will only be shown to logged-in users, for one hour some time between 15:00 and 17:00 UTC.
Some statistics from the banner tests are available at Fundraising 2011/Translation/Recruitment.
The last three weeks have flown by as fundraiser engineering starts to heat up. Aside from the usual bug fixes and cool new features, we added a new member to the team, made some modifications to our development process and began tackling one of our biggest challenges this year: integrating with a new payment service provider.
You can view sprint 5 and sprint 6 in Mingle *, and view our notes from the retrospectives.
* For access to Mingle, log in with username/password of guest/guest.
For Sprint 7, we are going all-in on integrating with Global Collect, a new payment processor which will allow us to take donations in more currencies and with more region-specific payment methods. Work will continue abstracting/refactoring the DonationInterface extension, as well as building a payment notification listener compatible with Global Collect’s “Payment Status Communicator”.
If you are not interested in getting involved, help smash our hopes and dreams.<3 open bugs and/or visit us on IRC in #wikimedia-fundraising.


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Fundraising_2011
The following pages link to Fundraising 2011:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research:Wikipedia_Banner_Challenge
This page documents a planned research project. Information may be incomplete and change before the project starts.



This project is designed to collect and prioritize community ideas for fundraising banners to be used during the 2011 fundraiser.
The project will make use of a customized "wiki survey," a new form of social data collection we are developing that attempts to combine the quantification of a survey with the openness of an interview. For more on wiki surveys, please see http://www.allourideas.org, a free and open-source website created by our group that enables anyone to create and host wiki surveys.
Participants will be recruited by adding a link to the Wikipedia Banner Challenge from the thank you page that is shown after donations are complete. Other participants may be recruited through social media.
Participation in the Wikipedia Banner Challenge is entirely voluntary.
We are very interested in sharing our findings with the community. The most basic results will be available in real-time directly on the Wikipedia Banner Challenge webpage. Once the Wikipedia Banner Challenge is complete, we will post an anonymized data set for future analysis on this wiki. The data layout is as described on the All Our Ideas blog: http://blog.allourideas.org/post/2739358388/download-your-data. Finally, we will make available, open-access, any journal articles that results from data collection in this project.
All the code for the Wikipedia Banner Challenge and the All Our Ideas project is open-source and available at https://github.com/allourideas.
Participation is entirely voluntary, and we do not collect any identifying information.
Our procedures have been approved by the IRB of Princeton University, reference number 4783.
It is hoped that the output of this project will directly aid the fundraising efforts and result in increased contributions to the Wikimedia Foundation.
December 2011: launch website
January 2012: post data on this page for analysis
December 2012: complete data analysis
The All Our Ideas project (www.allourideas.org), of which the Wikipedia Banner Challenge is a sub-project, is supported by Google Faculty Research Awards and grants from the Center for Information Technology Policy at Princeton University.
All responsibility for the project rests with the investigator and not the funders.
Results from our project are summarized here: http://blog.allourideas.org/post/16175975017/wikipedia-banner-challenge-results
All data have been deposited into a third-party archive under the CC0 license. Here are links:
http://www.allouridas.org
http://blog.allourideas.org
mjs3 at princeton dot edu

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research_talk:Wikipedia_Banner_Challenge


Hi, this sounds like an interesting idea, can you give me a link to the question set please. WereSpielChequers 23:47, 15 December 2011 (UTC)
Are you intending to collect any information other than the question answers, for example value of donation, edit count, tenure etc. If so you will need to disclose that up front, especially if you include something potentially unique or which in combination could identify the subject such as edit count or userrights and account creation date. WereSpielChequers 23:47, 15 December 2011 (UTC)
Because this uses photos of genuine Wikimedians but with different messages, potentially each others messages or even words you put in their mouth, I think this compromises the integrity of the message that has just prompted our donors to donate money. If anyone can put any words in Brandon's mouth you are bound to wonder if the message from Brandon that you just responded to was authentic. I don't think I'd have the same concern if the pictures had been omitted or were consistently associated with the people who said them. But for the longterm support of our donors I would suggest omitting the photos or only using them with the words said by that person. WereSpielChequers 01:45, 16 December 2011 (UTC)
 resolved
I'd like to suggest changing this call to action. Currently it is ambiguous between three meanings:
I'm assuming that we are happy with something that is ambiguous between the first two but the third is an unintentional side effect of using this on brand new donors as part of the thankyou for their donation. Would Please click the banner that you think would best persuade people like you to give money to Wikimedia. be an acceptable alternative? WereSpielChequers 08:48, 16 December 2011 (UTC)

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Research_talk:Wikipedia_Banner_Challenge
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Template:Done
 Done

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Template:Done
This is a list of changes made recently to pages linked from a specified page (or to members of a specified category). Pages on your watchlist are bold.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Template:Done
The following pages link to Template:Done:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Bastique
Post a new comment to me here!!!


I occasionally edit while browsing the web. I am an experienced Wikipedian (LordSuryaofShropshire) who has not edited for some years. I haven't been able to fathom a good reason for your blocking me, which seems unprovoked.--108.54.75.173 08:30, 29 December 2012 (UTC)
Hi. Could you add the license to the files that you have uploaded to meta. Thanks.Crochet.david 15:57, 21 February 2010 (UTC)
Hi, Cary. We at the not-yet-existent Wikimedia Spanish Chapter have been talking and we would like to inscribe User:Góngora as regional contact for Spain here (languages: Spanish and Catalan). He is trustworthy and has been answering journalists for some time. Can you add him or point me to someone who can? Thaks! Ignacio Icke 20:22, 28 February 2010 (UTC)
Please rename the article "Lamprophis lineatus" to "Striped House Snake". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamprophis_lineatus
Unfortunately I made a spelling error.
Thank you, bruinfan12
If you have a moment sometime, I would like to talk to you/discuss something with you. Ottava Rima 00:39, 3 March 2010 (UTC)
Bonjour Bastique, j'ai vu ces deux sites qui sont des copies de wikipedia dans différentes langues avec le logo de WP
Bonne journée w:fr:User:FrankyLeRoutier FrankyLeRoutier 05:50, 3 March 2010 (UTC)
I tried to contact you directly, but I have been unable to.
I am leaving this on your page since you were involved in the original Moulton matters and had some activity at Wikiversity as a steward helping us. I left this note for Jimbo, but I doubt he will read it since he only reads Wikipedia and I cannot post there. I deleted the material 12 days before Jimbo arrived there. I deleted it 44 minutes after it was posted. I deleted it after talking to multiple admin and also consulting with many stewards on the matter. I then warned privatemusings and he did not re-post the material.
I feel that Jimbo's statements and allusions to discussions by the board show that they feel I have not done my duty properly. I do not know what more I could have done to handle the situation. However, if they feel that there is a concern, I would rather them strip my adminship for not doing enough in the situation than to stop Wikiversity as a project. I will not contest such a removal if they do so. Ottava Rima (talk) 14:52, 14 March 2010 (UTC)
Hi Bastique, a few hours ago you modified several CentralNotices. Unfortunately, there's a mistake in the german version. Instead of Wikimania - Stipendien it should be Wikimania-Stipendien. In German, hyphens are used without blank spaces (with exceptions, of course). It's not your fault, as it was in the Version of 2009, too. The german meta-Admins (Church of emacs, DerHexer & Lustiger seth) seem not to be online now, so maybe you can fix this? Bye --Schniggendiller 23:26, 24 March 2010 (UTC)
The bot has been writing the notice into several redirects. I fixed it on all Native American wikis, but you need to go back and check all the rest of'em. Seb az86556 08:37, 25 March 2010 (UTC)
I just did something dumb. I submitted a scholarship request and then noticed the exact dates of the conference. My sister is getting married on the 9th, in Alaska. As if that weren't enough, I am preforming the ceremony! Obviously this will preclude my attending, if you could scratch my name off the list that would be great. The main reason I wanted to go is because I think Alaska would be a good host 2012 and I want to put a bid together. Any advice you may have in that department would be welcome. Thanks and sorry for the trouble, Beeblebrox 18:52, 27 March 2010 (UTC)
The English Wiktionary is now holding a vote about whether to accept the new logo at wikt:Wiktionary:Votes/2010-02/Accepting the results of the Wiktionary logo vote, which I set up shortly after the logo vote was finished. I did not notice at the time what you had said on the logo vote talk page, that "Any project which is not the tiled will automatically be switched to a localized version of the winning logo.". Did this mean that the result will be enforced by the foundation? There seems to be a substantial opposition to changing the logo on the English Wiktionary, because of lack of participation in the original process. Was the acceptance vote supposed to have been started in the first place? Should it be closed now? --Yair rand 01:54, 4 April 2010 (UTC)
Hi Bastique,
I applied for a WM 2010 scholarship today, but there was no slot for entering general comments, and I wanted to make one. I will happen to be in central Europe till the day before the conference, and I have a flight ticket back home to Israel, so my travel costs of relevance to the scholarship are only the change of my flight ticket and some flights inside Central Europe, cheaper than the flights to/from Israel I already booked anyway. I wonder how I can add this information to my application... Harel 15:58, 5 April 2010 (UTC)
Hi! Please see Talk:Vector#Recent changes. Thanks! --MZMcBride 01:55, 7 April 2010 (UTC)
Can you provide some clarity to this? Thanks! Philippe (WMF) 18:30, 24 April 2010 (UTC)
Hi, Cary. Would it be possible to make me a sysop? I will use the right to test the features and mop up the messes. I am an Administrator on Test Wikipedia and on the Admin Tools Wiki. I am also an experienced editor on enwiki (with rollback access) and commonswiki (with trusted access). Thanks!   — Jeff G. (talk|contribs) 00:52, 3 May 2010 (UTC)
Hello Bastique,
I am responding to your message about a new Wikipedia logo in vector format. Urdu has traditionally been written in Nastaleeq Font which looks very different than the font that you have chosen. I checked your example svg image, it is only using a rendered path for which we can use any desired font and just convert to path. Any particular reason for choosing KACST Office?
Urdu Wikipedia community would much prefer to create the vector logo using a Nastaleeq font. Examples are Jameel Noori Nastaleeq font and Alvi Nastaleeq font. If desired, I can create the svg file for Urdu. Please let me know.
Kashif Aqeel - Talk
--Kashif Aqeel 15:32, 14 May 2010 (UTC)
Personally I find it strange that someone who is banned on Foundation sites could be a "public speaker" for the Foundation. Maybe you or someone directly concerned with the Foundation would care to look at it. --Herby talk thyme 07:58, 18 May 2010 (UTC)
I have an ambiguity with my scholarship: i want finally know if I was awarded or no? Because my attendance and possibility to make a presentation depends on it (i have no finance to travel myself). --Infovarius 07:29, 19 May 2010 (UTC)
I've noticed that the main page there is still vandalized.
Could I get sysop to fix the issue and also help to keep the place clean?
Sidonuke Crosswiki Info 10:45, 21 May 2010 (UTC)
Hi, Cary. There is a propose in portuguese Wikipedia to create a new user group with access to delete and view deleted pages. If we get a consensus, can we implement that propose? Is there any restriction to create groups that have some sysop tools? Danilo.mac 20:39, 24 May 2010 (UTC)
Have you any question for OTRS/volunteering, if not, plese ask result, thanks :) --minhhuy*= 11:44, 4 June 2010 (UTC)
Hello, Bastique. The Chinese Wikipedian community is conducting a survey on the Chinese character used for the new logo. Some suggest that the character "維", a traditional Chinese character, differs slightly from its simplified form "维", and this traditional character can not represent simplifed Chinese.
Traditional and simplified Chinese shared many common characters (inherited characters), but unfortunately the first character of the Chinese name of Wikipedia (维基百科 in simplifed Chinese or 維基百科 in traditional Chinese) is different in the two writing systems. Is it possible to replace the current character on the globe ("維") by an inherited Chinese character? It would be much better if both simplified and traditional Chinese are represented with the same character on the puzzle globe.
Furthermore, "典", the character representing classical Chinese on the globe must be a mistake. Classical Chinese is writen from right to left, so the first character is also 維 or 维. --MtBell 14:42, 6 June 2010 (UTC)
Dear Bastique! Can you please help us to solve this problem? I've brought forward previous discussions to make you easy. Basically this is a issue with localized logo for si.wikipedia.org, Sinhala Wikipedia. Please see below for discussion.
In addtion, I would like add more information about this letter, because the letter "ව්" made with two combinations of letter and Glyph ( letter ව + Glyph ි = වි ). Please refer Unicode table for more information. Thank you very much, Best regards --Asiri 12:16, 18 June 2010 (UTC) You can see PNG version and svg version as well from here.
Hi, Cary. You said the javascript is not authorized under privacy policy, but even I have checked the policy, I still cannot know which part of the policy is violated. Could you explain more about this? Thanks. --CDIP No.150 repair meter 10:31, 22 June 2010 (UTC)
Hello Cary, Vietnamese Wikipedia community is waiting for User:Mxn and User:DHN to be our very first local CheckUser, but although Mxn has told that he faxed his identity to the Foundation, we haven't heard any confirmation from you. I know you're busy, but could you take a look at this case? Thanks in advance. Tân (talk) 11:46, 5 July 2010 (UTC)
Dear Bastique! The logo of the Zazaki-Wikipedia has been written with the Kurdish characters. It must be written as Wikipediya with a normal i and not as Wîkîpedîya, because we have no î character in Zazaki. Cbrown1023 changed it on your worksheet Wikipedia logos, but you have to update the actual image, Wîkîpedîya => Wikipediya. Thanks in advance! --Mirzali 08:47, 6 July 2010 (UTC)
Hello, Cary.
I send you an e-mail message. :) Ruy Pugliesi◥ 00:59, 13 July 2010 (UTC)
Per User:RobLa, please add the "movestable", "stablesetting", and "review" permissions to the "Staff" global group, if you approve of the changes.
Thanks! Kylu 20:18, 19 July 2010 (UTC)
Your AWS has affected me. Can you exempt my IP address. Thanks. 174.129.218.33 15:23, 22 July 2010 (UTC)
There are two CUs awaiting office acknowledgment of identity on SRP. Both have said they've sent in information. Should we direct them to resend? Kylu 20:02, 2 August 2010 (UTC)
According to Help:Setting_up_an_internal_wiki I wanted to ask you some help to set up internal wiki. See bellow my answers to questions.
What will it be used for? - it will be internal bookkeeping manual for several users
Has the relevant community, arbcom, or WMF body, that is responsible for the wiki, agreed to its creation? - how do I find that out?
Thanks, – imis☂ 14:10, 15 August 2010 (UTC)
Would you be able to provide some input here? There seems to be quite a bit of confusion surrounding the logo situation... --Yair rand 17:09, 23 August 2010 (UTC)
Hi Cary, thank you for creating the logo for Gujarati wiki and starting the discussion here. File:Wikipedia-logo-v2-gu-rekha.svg is finally selected by all of our active community members. Can you please scale down the fonts at least 1 or 2 points, as these look slightly too big. And yes, please feel free to use it now onwards.--DhavalTalk 11:22, 26 August 2010 (UTC)
Hi! I'm Durero (http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/OTRS/volunteering#Durero). I sent an e-mail to volunteers-otrswikimedia.org. The header is "New volunteer". Thanks. Durero 13:04, 7 September 2010 (UTC)
Hi,
I was talking to a few of the stewards last night and they said to talk to you, I see that there was meant to be a steward election this month but it didnt go ahead as no one was willing to do the pages. I was wondering would it be too late to do one for the end of next month or maybe the early part of November? Corruptcopper 16:02, 30 September 2010 (UTC)
Bonjour Bastique, merci beaucoup pour votre venu à Montréal, j'aurais une petite suggestion à vous proposé ; est-ce qu'il serait possible de rajouté une section de 1000000 sur la page principal multilangue de Wikipedia puisque actuellement il y a trois langues qui ont atteint ce chiffre ; le français, l'anglais et l'allemand. Merci beaucoup pour votre aide, cordialement. FrankyLeRoutier 03:04, 7 October 2010 (UTC)
Wanted to ensure you didn't miss this. Thanks.
Hi, I have nominated myself as a steward 2011 candidate but don't have driving license and passport, can I send other documents like Voter ID issued by Election department, Govt of India or Teacher's ID card issued by state govt of Sikkim (a state of India). Bhawani Gautam Rhk 14:05, 21 January 2011 (UTC)
Hello!
I've during the last few days completely cleaned out the access list of our IRC admin channel. Per this clean up, we've also updated and re-organized the on-wiki record of this channel here. This list is now exactly the same as the access list on IRC. Please always remember to update this list when making changes to the channel on IRC. It's just a reminder. Best, -Barras 12:37, 6 February 2011 (UTC)
Hello Bastique,
In accordance with Meta:Administrators/Removal and because you have made fewer than ten logged actions over the past six months, your adminship is under review at Meta:Administrators/Removal/April 2011. If you would like to retain your adminship, please sign there before April 09, 2011. Kind regards, -- Dferg ☎ talk 22:45, 2 April 2011 (UTC)
Hello Bastique. I removed the CU flags you gave yourself at that wiki in 2008 per the CU policy on having 2 CUs on a project or none at all. Nothing personal, of course. I just reviewed the list of people with access and found you were the only one there. Regards, -- Dferg ☎ talk 00:23, 16 May 2011 (UTC)
Bastique, I only just realized I was blocked, and would like to find out about getting unblocked. I was Cheer Writer, and created a page, that I would now like to update. I have consulted with and found out what I did incorrectly, and would like to correct some of the text that I entered incorrectly. Thank you, Sheila
Bastique,
I sent the first email at 'permissions-en@wikimedia.org' regarding three copyrights from a different computer and it created confusion. Find below the second email I send from Mr.Boudon office where I am presently writing to you, as well I am writing my Article. here is my last email to 'permissions-en@wikimedia.org' from Sat 7/16/2011 12:55 PM.
jp..baudrand Copyright-holder
I hereby affirm that I, Jean Philippe Baudrand am the creator and/or sole owner of the exclusive copyright of:
- The Robert Wickens email http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:2005_Robert-Wickens-email-Christian-Boudon_.jpg was sent by Wickens to Christian Boudon as an acknowledgement with right to use it the way he wanted and Christian Boudon gave it to me as a part of his archives with the right to publish. I am presently working at Mr. Boudon office and have the original email from Robert Wickens saved in his external hard disk. If the copyright cannot be established can you please delete this picture from the web to not disturb Mr. Robert Wickens Formula 1 driver?
- The New Racing document http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:1988_New-Racing-Concept_20.jpg was written by Christian Boudon when he was the owner of this company, and he gave it to me as a part of his archives with the right to publish. As you can see Mr. Christian Boudon is named in the second paragraph, second line as the owner of the New Racing Concept Company that would be glad to receive customers...The document contain as well the official SIREN #, that document cannot be more explicit... If the copyright cannot be established can you please delete this picture from the web to avoid any use of this official document?
- The 2009 Boudon-Mertins-Atlantic http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:2009_Boudon-Mertins-Atlantic_.jpg was taken by Boudon’s wife in Laguna Seca after Mertins race and Christian Boudon gave it to me as a part of his archives with the right to publish. He used this picture in other different articles but this picture is his. Mr. Boudon sent that picture to help an article in a French magazine. If the copyright cannot be established can you please delete this picture from the web?
I agree to publish that work under the free license “Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0” (unported) and GNU Free Documentation Licence (unversioned, with no invariant sections, front-cover texts, or back-cover texts).
I acknowledge that by doing so I grant anyone the right to use the work in a commercial product or otherwise, and to modify it according to their needs, provided that they abide by the terms of the license and any other applicable laws.
I am aware that I always retain copyright of my work, and retain the right to be attributed in accordance with the license chosen. Modifications others make to the work will not be attributed to me.
I acknowledge that I cannot withdraw this agreement and that the content may or may not be kept permanently on a Wikimedia project.
Jean Philippe Baudrand Copyright-holder
Can you help to clear this situation please?.66.176.61.91 18:24, 18 July 2011 (UTC)
Hello,
I regret to inform you that, in accordance with Meta:Administrators/Removal and as a result of your inactivity, administrator rights have been removed from your account. Please see Meta:Administrators/Removal/October 2011 for details. Kind regards, vvvt 16:14, 3 October 2011 (UTC)

To keep in the pages of wiki Administrator's personnel thesis? at http://sd.wikipedia.org ? Other problem is We call Computer as same in English, but admin forcibly used his word Ganpukar of Computer. I have proof that thousands of published books called it Computer not Ganpukar. If some one oppose him he started abusive language. That is the reason sd.wikipedia.org never got attraction to Sindhi community. Plz check record there. Other things are he locked CSS due to that on the same site there are lot of font styles appeared there. He is not able to set commonCSS or Monocss. We are in trouble to work in our local Sindhi language. I don't know where to say for this problem. Record history says all the situation there. I appeal plz warn him to follow en.wikipedia.org rules, other wise he will continue use his personnel details and personnel promoted articles there. Dear I am sorry If u r not right person to say all about this, Plz suggest me where I can raise this issue. My sd.wikipedia.org ID is same. His thesis is not a violetion? http://sd.wikipedia.org/wiki/ماحولياتي_انتظام_ڪاڻ_اُپُگِرَهِي_عَڪس_ضماءُ_۽_درجه_بنديءَ_جي_طريقن_جو_اَڀياس
Alixafar 01:01, 22 November 2011 (UTC)
Hi, this is to confirm my own request for rights removal as per my own inactivity and inability to be active. These should include all steward, oversight, checkuser, and bureaucrat rights. I wish to retain admin rights on Commons and enwikipedia. Thank you. Bastique ☎ call me! 18:33, 24 November 2011 (UTC)
Good day, you promoted me to temporary admin on cr.wiki in January 2010. It was set to expire in August 2010 I think (but haven't been). How can I become a permanent admin (which I'm pretty much already) ? I have launched a discussion on that subject on the main discussion portal of the wiki more than a week ago and there isn't any objection, see [3]. Thanks you, Amqui 17:50, 23 January 2012 (UTC)
Dear Bastique, I would like to ask you if you kindly agree to translate the article Israel Tsvaygenbaum from English to French. Thank you. Sincerely, Boxes12 (talk) 14:50, 12 June 2012 (UTC)
Hello, my IP is blocked with this message :
Votre adresse IP a été bloquée sur tous les wikis. Le blocage a été fait par Bastique (meta.wikimedia.org). Le motif donné est Cross-wiki spam: Amazon Web Services - Service has been used for trojan/spam attacks - Little or no good edits - Please email info@wikimedia.org if you are affected by this block. Début du blocage: 21 juillet 2010 à 03:03 Expiration du blocage: infinity Vous pouvez contacter Bastique pour discuter du blocage. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser la fonctionnalité "Envoyer un courriel" à moins d'avoir spécifié une adresse de courriel valide dans vos préférences de compte et de n'avoir pas bloqué son utilisation. Votre adresse IP actuelle est 79.125.4.70. Veuillez inclure tous les détails ci-dessus dans toutes les demandes que vous ferez.
This is a 3G IP from the mobile operator Free
Whoever that vandal was, it's not me. Apparently this iPad was owned by someone else in the past. I can tell you one thing, I'd never do that kind of thing. :) 75.101.165.86 18:06, 16 November 2012 (UTC)
Quelltext der Seite Benutzer Diskussion:StromBer ← Benutzer Diskussion:StromBer Du bist nicht berechtigt, die Seite zu bearbeiten. Grund:
Deine IP-Adresse wurde auf allen Wikis gesperrt.
Die Sperrung wurde durchgeführt durch Bastique (meta.wikimedia.org). Der angegebene Grund ist Cross-wiki spam: Amazon Web Services - Service has been used for trojan/spam attacks - Little or no good edits - Please email info@wikimedia.org if you are affected by this block.
Du kannst dich an Bastique wenden, um über die Sperre zu diskutieren. Du kannst nicht die Funktion „E-Mail an diesen Benutzer“ benutzen, bis eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse in deinen Einstellungen angegeben wurde und du nicht gehindert wirst, diese Funktion zu nutzen. Deine aktuelle IP-Adresse ist 184.73.3.202. Bitte gib alle oben angegebenen Details in deinen Anfragen an.
Regard/ Gruß User:StromBer --StromBer (talk) 13:26, 20 February 2013 (UTC)
Hi. Philippe has closed down the wmf:User:Cary Bass account, but if you'd like an account there (wmf:User:Bastique), you know Philippe or I or anyone else would be happy to create one for you. In fact, I would've done it already, but I'm not sure I know your current e-mail address. Hope you're well. :-) --MZMcBride (talk) 07:30, 25 March 2013 (UTC)
Mike Graham is my cousin. His mother"s name is Mairi not Marie. Please update. Many thanks.
I've been blocked, apparently in 2010, when I hadn't ever edited Wikipedia. I'm confused - why?
I don't know if you remember a case , in 2008, I think, where another user robbed me of my identity. You came in as a middleman, and I wrote a mail to you explaining the situation, and suggested a solution. Since then I have swapped computer, so I can't find my copy of the mail any more.
Anyway, I suggested that I would keep the nick Islander in the Scandinavian countries, where he wouldn't be active, and use this identity in my English account, which was the only one where we were likely to clash. I never got any answer from you, but as I since then have been able to continue as Islander, I assumed you had done something for it. A few times the system has tried to log me in as Islander(Scandinavia) also in Finland and Sweden, so I have a redirection note there. Now it seems that a user:Keegan has the mission to go through all the double identities and force another onto them, and I've got a note on my discussion pages on Danish WP and on Commons assigning to me some new temporary nick, that I can't recall, (different on each account). Today the sacking note has appeared on my pages also on Swedish, Norwegian and Finnish accounts.
I wrote on Keegan's discussion side, explaining the old situation, and that I have been less active lately, I have had other matters to tend to, but intend to do more editing when I have more time. It seems that the pirate-Islander has been even less active, so I suggested that I would have back the name Islander also internationally, if it could be arranged. But there were also pages and pages of other concerned wikipedians, on the verge of being issued as "unpersons", so the answer gave the impression to be bot-generated (whereafter he checked the "solved"-box) and I didn't really get any answer to my question, whether It could be possible to have the name back.
Would you have the time to look into this matter? I would really like to continue editing now and then, though I doubt I will write any more complete articles; It has become so difficult, when every sentence is demanded to be verified with at least two footnotes, and all efforts to make the text enjoyable to read is dismissed as fluff or POW, just state dull grey facts. Being stripped of your identity would just rise the treshold still a few steps to grab the keyboard. Best regards Islander(Scandinavia) (talk) 13:57, 24 March 2015 (UTC)
Hi, I can see you haven't been very active recently but I have a question for you and it would help us if you could answer it. In 2007 user Danny B. asked for admin rights for cs.wikt. He posted his Request for Adminship here on Meta only 20 minutes after he posted a request for adminship on cs.wikt. You gave him admin rights 3 minutes after he posted his request here on Meta. His rights should have been temporary as you explained in your reply to his request.
Now the question is: Why didn't you add Danny B. into the list of temporary admins if his admin rights were supposed to be temporary? Was it an intent (that his admin rights were actually not intended for 3 months only) or simply an omission? Thanks for reply. --Auvajs (talk) 09:08, 7 April 2015 (UTC)


--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Log/Bastique
Combined display of various logs. You can select the log type, the user name (case-sensitive except for the first letter) of the acting user, and/or the affected page (full name required, case-sensitive except for the first letter).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Jalexander-WMF
I've had an account starting on the English Wikipedia since late 2006 as Jamesofur where I made small edits correcting or updating information as I read through articles (both logged in and anonymous). In 2009 I picked up my interest again mostly because of a fascination with the community model and a desire to see the projects succeed. I worked first on enWiki again and then quickly started getting involved in global governance and anti vandalism and abuse issues. I helped to set up the Global sysops proposal and referendum and still serve as one on my volunteer account, became a Sysop, Bureaucrat and Checkuser on SimpleWikipedia as well as a sysop here on Meta and on EnWikipedia. I've also been a long time agent on OTRS especially with BLP concerns and Intellectual property (Copyright, trademarks and trade secrets mostly).
Personally I have a degree in Economics and a huge love of the law both in the United States and internationally (especially Contract and Copyright law and the international and economic side effects). After school I was looking for work in the legal field planning to go to law school in a year or two. I'm a self professed geek and anglophile who loves most of science fiction and British television, computers and technology (I've taught myself a fair bit of coding but have no formal teaching) and surfing. I enjoy taking on a challenge especially something where much of it hasn't been done before.
I began at the Foundation for the 2010 Fundraiser for outreach but ended up spending most of my time making all of the lovely banners and landing pages that everyone has come to love ;). In 2011 I got a Community Fellowship to work on new editor retention work focusing on data gathering and research (in prep for the Summer of Research) as well as WikiGuides a project trying to proactively reach out to new users which I presented on at Wikimania in Haifa (The Teahouse is taking up from where we left off!). In July 2011 I was swallowed up by the Fundraiser again to be its 'Business Analyst' working to help manage the priorities of the technical and production teams for the Fundraiser. In the late spring 2012 I became the Wikimedia Merchandise Manager, opening an online store, expanding our products to include a wide array of good quality offerings available at a reasonable price, and developing a community-driven giveaway program that recognized the contributions of individual Wikimedians.
I currently work in the community advocacy team focusing on our work with the Legal Department and managing our Trust & Safety functions (protecting user rights and the safety and security of users on the sights).
Some specific projects I'm working on now include:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:Log/Jalexander-WMF
Combined display of various logs. You can select the log type, the user name (case-sensitive except for the first letter) of the acting user, and/or the affected page (full name required, case-sensitive except for the first letter).
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
Tag filter: 
Show thanks log

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/2015_Strategy/Community_consultation
This phase of the consultation is closed. We will be taking the next few weeks to continue to review submissions and look for emerging themes. Once that is complete, we will report back to the community.
While you are welcome to continue to discuss here, please know that future submissions may not be reviewed by staff. We look forward to talking to you more about the themes that have emerged in the near future!
The Wikimedia Foundation (WMF) is a nonprofit, charitable organization that supports and operates major wiki-based knowledge projects like Wikipedia. Working with thousands of dedicated volunteer contributors and readers, we are constantly striving to grow our projects and expand their global reach so that we may share free, multilingual, educational content with the world.
Your vision matters. We are working on a strategy for WMF, and we need some preliminary thoughts about the future. We are gathering information from people like you. The expertise and perspective you bring will help us broaden our thinking and generate an outcome that is truly representative of our shared goals. We will read your contributions to help formulate our strategy, which we will be sharing with the community for comments.
If you would like more information, please review Background or check out this blog post.


Please read the below scenario and answer the questions on the discussion page.
The Internet environment is changing. In the next three years we expect to see stronger impact from at least two major global trends:
Help shape the future of the Wikimedia Foundation by clicking the button below. Your input is appreciated as we begin this process.
Please remember that all answers are publicly posted and that by submitting them here you are releasing them in the public domain, so that we may use or release them for research or other purposes. Please do not provide private data here.

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/2015_Strategy/Community_consultation
The following pages link to 2015 Strategy/Community consultation:

--URL: http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Wikikids/Excerpt_from_the_2015_Strategy/Community_consultation
This is an excerpt from the 2015 Strategy/Community consultation on the "Wikipedia for children" idea.



Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-02-28
Response by 75.157.63.115 I think Wikipedia is very helpful. And that you should make your site more appealing to the younger generation; by putting more bright colours like neon yellow on your pages and your home page.
Response by 71.181.235.64
Make the site more colorful to attract the eye if you cant afford that I'm sure you can make a fundraiser.
To answer the second question first, I'd like to go over two related ideas: the protection of children and curation. As far as I'm able to tell, there are no limits to things that can be searched. I don't know if any products available as third party filter Wikipedia content, but in their absence, there is far too much adult content freely available for children to see, some with entirely adult-only imagery. While I believe that if parents can raise their children the way they see fit, I also believe there should be an opt-in or opt-out option to filter adult content. Children do not have any particular need to see descriptions or pictures of sex acts or genital anatomy. Once children reach learning about reproduction in school, general graphical depictions should suffice, rather than an open-license picture. This also allows for a major opportunity for growth in the curation of articles targeted for children. With proper content controls and properly sourced materials, Wikipedia could be a really excellent source of secondary information. At some point, the students need to read for a general idea and start reading the primary material/articles. As long as companies are willing to honor Wikipedia's code of neutral and factual writing or willing to make general gifts for children's content, or possibly able to make mention of their gifts, there is a massive opportunity for soliciting funds to support the effort. The moral high ground is always defensible, and most likely very profitable. Good curation of the subjects that children generally learn in school, written to the level of specificity that is considered grade-appropriate, coupled with the interrelations of subjects that are inherent to children's learning, could be far more robust through Wikipedia than other sources. I did a very basic report on beavers in the 3rd grade. What information did I need? Basic anatomical features like teeth and tail, oiled skin, diet, range of habitat, dam-building. The inherent interactivity of Wikipedia (and all hyperlinked content) would have been far more entertaining and engaging as a learning tool than just my textbook, but it was the 80s. Sprynet and 14400 baud modems would have been the stuff of science fiction.
To answer the first question, multilingual translation of well-written educational articles will always benefit the next billion users, because literacy is so important in the developing world. Also, well-written articles in English will always benefit those looking to learn English. Properly calibrated grade levels would be of a great benefit to adult learners who need a quick and reliable metric for comprehension and sentence length/complexity. At the same time, this would be a really good test of the real-world applicability of tools like the Flesch-Kincaid grade level.
Basically, what I am proposing is:

Response by 86.196.119.208
I think that it's important to create and multiply contents in lots of languages, even local languages and scarce languages. Wikipedia must be the place to learn and to keep the memory of languages which tend to disappear. This is a way to keep some cultures alive...
For me a good and healthy Wikimedia project is a project where the world of education takes a growing place. What a better way to learn than creating or reviewing Wikipedia pages ! I think that we must encourage the education community to create and update contents with the help of children and students. This is the best way to associate people from an early age in Wikimedia projects...
Response by 182.93.95.121
Try making the content more visible and impactful
To answer the second question, i had to give it a thought. The question, like your articles are a bit ambiguous to be honest and require a certain simplicity in terms of needs. Simplicity is missing. What you do have is the content. Your articles have probably saved the lives of a millions of school-going children.
Another suggestion, try prioritising your articles and filtering them. You can notice them in many online shopping websites. Adding filters can be of huge help to those who need specific details about a topic.
The last one. Make the websites less boring. Get a good graphic designer and make the pages look visually stunning. Readers often tend to get lost within the desperation provided by the labyrinth of words in articles. A visually stunning page speaks for itself in many ways.
Response by Contributions/109.232.72.15
Dear surveyors as a native Danish speaker, and farely good English reader, I enjoy using the information available to me and my pupils very much.
BUT both in English and Danish the pages and their contents are now so detailed, specific and riddled with links and terms, that only people with extensive knowledge can understand and use the vital information. one example could be "motor" witch does not offer a simple (it moves) explanation. And "engine" has a complicated picture you might use as a mechanic but not as a layperson.
SO create, through teachers and volunteers, wiki-child (patentpending?), links with easy to comprehend texts, simplified pictures and short headlines, a wiki for the young (and unambitious).
(a cucumber, a green vegetable, comes from Asia, used in salads, very watery. the north star, a star always over the north pole, if you look at it you can find north. wiki-child, a website with easy to read explanations)
Regards ruth Boehm , Denmark
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-03
Response by 119.235.53.139
make a wikipedia for childern
due to the extinction of books and large us eof internet, many students use wikipedia for all sources ofinformation,anyhow for example a topic like water for project work for small kid needs info only on rain and its daily uses,but high school student needs info on its chemical changes, evn the info could categorised based on the subjects,making it easier for browsing
even wikipedia can start a news channel,movie directory,song directory
it can also create a platform like facebook for sharing ideas and thoughts of various ppl around the world
Response by 186.83.111.209
que metan trabajos para niños o que hagan una wikipedia para niños
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-04
...as a further to my previous response (after dredging up some more thoughts) I think that a children's or school Wikipedia (some parents and some cultures will have issue with adult style articles and learning is progressive not all can jump to advanced concepts) could perhaps be an important idea and with that must go the ability to translate all articles consistently well (including modern idiom and in both directions) and to gather all local articles in local languages into Wikipedia as a whole, while retaining global and local historical integrity. I think that implies Wikipedia scholarships (??? or education classes or similar) for regional education and training at the very least. I was trying to get at that by pointing out that global history is the history of us all. Our local history is integral to global history and while important for inclusion it should not displace accepted fact (unless of course globally accepted facts are not that at all).
Response by 84.165.142.92
Als neuer Trend in den nächsten Jahren wird meiner Meinung nach hinzukommen, dass, dadurch dass viele Kinder im Alter ab 10 Jahren ein Smartphone besitzen, eine große Menge junger Menschen auf das Internet und somit auch auf Wikipedia zugreifen wird.
Vielleicht eröffnen sich für Sie Möglichkeiten, Wikipedia "kinderfreundlicher" zu gestalten. Also z.B. bei manchen Seiten eine FSK-Zensierung hinzuzufügen, oder in den Kurzinfos am Kopf jedes Artikels eine Erklärung für Kinder dazuzuschreiben.
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-05
Response by 50.175.69.52 23:13, 1 March 2015 (UTC)
To actually give them information they actually understand. Most people on Wikipedia are children looking for information to help them thrive and learn.
They would be highly decorated. I care for this site and I want it to thrive highly. Do not leave the template of the website blank. Don't be afraid to add a little color to your site and your projects. My work here is done.
Response by 2602:304:CE3E:100:ADA4:10FD:4FE2:4D7C 04:47, 2 March 2015 (UTC)
make a kids wikipidia
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-07
Response by 36.253.43.67 11:19, 1 March 2015 (UTC)
apps should be developed for each platform like android, ios, windows.creating lite versions of website is also important
the articles specially that on wikipedia need to be reviewed wisely. introduction of some special sites for the children below age 16, liki wikiKIDS/wikiYOUNG/.
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-09
Response by Hkhurs 13:11, 3 March 2015 (UTC)
The next billion users mentioned belong mostly to countries with lower education rates and very few universities. Users will mainly be using the internet for social networking sites and video streaming and music downloads.
Wikimedia projects should include some online resources which will give integrated information that has been simplified to the extent of being read over and grasped by people not involved in higher education. The information in these Wikimedia resources will concentrate on the fields of study mostly related to the ones that drive the economy of third world countries, like agriculture, construction, energy etc.
There should be information regarding innovations in such fields. This way you will be bringing out the the latent potentialities of the existing systems of such countries which will prove to be a driving force for the economy. If utilized alongside latest technologies and greater information online which will be understandable by the common person having a mediocre education background. This way we will be utilizing the existent resources efficiently for the betterment of the whole World. As every part of the World will give it's own output that will get integrated with the rest of the World. It's about utilizing the existent potentialities and resources faster and with efficiency and also creating an educated environment among such populations. Such ventures will lead to better economies and environments that will act as springboards for the eventual progress of the country in science and technology.
Talk:2015 Strategy/Community consultation/2015-03-11
Response by DheepakG 04:59, 3 March 2015 (UTC)
The next-billion-user will be connecting through handheld devices. Especaially, low-end Android/similar non-apple phone. Also, the majority will be either students or parents of grown-ups to connect with their child, age group falling under 8-21 and 35+. Need for Wiki* sites in Vernacular language is highly needed. For enabling them we need to create awareness especially through TV commercials(still a mass medium), tie-up with some non-profits and providing access to wiki* sites.
Imparting all the Academic topics to Wikipedia will be too good. Or WikiCademy (akin wikiversity) but should cover more rudimentary concepts. Imagine a 11 year old getting help from wiki to solve his homework. He will recommend it to his peers. Wiki gets popular. Schools should give free access to Wiki sites.
Response by CA2payitforward 17:52, 3 March 2015 (UTC)
First: A layered wikipedia structure. What I mean is that detailed and complete explanations and documentation are great, but may clog up the message. For some topics it is hard for a non-expert to get an idea of what is described. Therefor I'd suggest a layered wikipedia page with a "layman's" version, say in the top part of the page and an "expert's" version with all the gori details etc. below.
SUGGESTION: wikipage with laymens version in the top and expert version in the bottom.
Second: Authored sections. I have tried to make friends/colleagues write on wikipedia, but encountered the argument from an expert in the field that he/she didnt feel like writing up a section if it could be messed up by anybody with a web browser. Likewise in some cases having no author means that the expertise (basis for the statements made) of the author is unknown. Expert authors may be invited or be inserted only after certification i.e. when their identity has been verified. The section should then be accredited to the named author alongside their credential. Having authored a section I'm sure would also make people take more ownership and care for their section and as a consequence also the wikipage where it appears.
SUGGESTION: Authored sections within a wikipage, where only author can edit. Reader may suggest changes/removal to author/wikipedia team.
There are many projects, which in my mind, would blossom if they could use the WikiMedia infrastructure/platform. Education of kids would in my mind be an important area: 1) Kids encyclopaedia 2) Sharing platform for teaching material, structured as teacher packs. - Meta-info: Age group, duration, teacher preparation, student workload. - Material: student handouts, 'laboratory material' for hands one activities discussions. - Review: Teacher and student feedback and score. 3)Sharing and discussion platform for teaching methods and approaches. Teachers are in my mind reinventing the wheel and spending most of their precious time redoing the basics. While if they had, say 1000 teacher's packs, then they could select the one they need and add their twist or improvement. WikiMedia is about sharing and learning, so supporting a project of this kind could have an impact on millions of kids (hoping to reach a billion i.e. virtually all ;-)
Hi @LilaTretikov (WMF): To me it sounds like a great idea to add an "instructional content" feature to a wikipage. A big problem though is how to make it easy to add stuff there from a "technical" point of view. I have been programming for more than twenty years, but had to fight with this editor to get a couple of paragraphs come out reasonably. Teaching material also needs to be appealing, could using the Open Data Format be an option?
What do you think about the kids wikipedia?
Best greetings CA2
Response by 2602:30A:2C37:84F0:18DE:CE8:3C8A:80B7 01:12, 6 March 2015 (UTC)
you guys need more informtion because i need info on orange chicken and you need more color because to be honset you guys have no color at all and make have a teenager make a wiki user id and have them make this site very interesting make one for adults schools and kids


